From mikede at mde-dev.com  Fri Aug 24 01:44:27 2007
From: mikede at mde-dev.com (Mike de Libero)
Date: Thu, 23 Aug 2007 22:44:27 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-seattle] Next Seattle OWASP Meeting
Message-ID: <46CE703B.4070907@mde-dev.com>

Hello,

    Well the next meeting of the OWASP Seattle chapter has arrived.  I 
apologize for the delay.  Below are the details, please let me know if 
you plan on attending so we can make sure to have enough food and frosty 
beverages.

09/06/2007 @ 6PM PST - Seattle chapter meeting
Details: Location: Bellevue Las Margaritas 437 108th Ave NE Bellevue, WA 
98004 (425) 453-0535
Time: 6 o'clock

Speakers:

Speaker Rob Rachwald - Rob is a 10-year veteran of the high tech 
industry. Rob started his tech career at Intel, where he worked on 
automating their complex supply chain. Rob managed US product marketing 
for Commerce One and managed their marketing efforts in Asia Pacific. 
Rob, then, managed marketing for Coverity and joined Fortify as the 
Director of Product Marketing focusing on security and financial services.

Online Banking - Abstract: Banks, often the biggest target of cyber 
attacks, have set an example for responsible security strategies. How do 
the world's leading financial institutions balance risk against the 
pressures of delivering software to customers quickly? How are 
developers trained to write code securely? How are software security 
tools, such as dynamic and static analysis, deployed for optimal use?


Speaker Damon Cortesi - Damon has worked in network and application 
security risk management for nearly a decade, beginning with his work as 
Systems and Security Administrator at his alma mater. Following school, 
he entered the professional arena as an Information Security Consultant 
for one of the top 10 CPA firms serving financial institutions including 
banks, credit unions, and event the major credit reporting bureaus. Most 
recently at IOActive, Mr. Cortesi has been serving the specialized needs 
of top technology companies in addition to standard penetration testing, 
web application security assessments, source code reviews, and PCI 
assessments.

Web Hacking 101 introduces the basic concepts of web application 
security including SQL Injection, Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), and 
typical application logic flaws found in an ASP-based web application. 
These concepts are then put to use in a live demonstration that 
illustrates the all-too-common ways of attacking a web application and 
gaining unauthorized access to sensitive information or restricted areas 
of a website. Demos will included manual SQL Injection techniques as 
well as the use of free/open-source tools used to expedite the 
extraction process, examples of both reflected and stored XSS that can 
be used to elevate the privileges of a user, and standard authorization 
bypass issues that developers often ignore. Finally, basic mitigation 
techniques will be discussed that can be put into place by developers to 
prevent these common hacking techniques.

Link to the event 
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Seattle#Next_Event_06_Sep_.28Thurs.29.

    Thanks,
    Mike de Libero & Scott Stender

