From mikede at mde-dev.com  Sun Oct 12 17:15:44 2008
From: mikede at mde-dev.com (Mike de Libero)
Date: Sun, 12 Oct 2008 14:15:44 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-seattle] Seattle OWASP Event - October 23rd @ 6:30PM
Message-ID: <87FFDA5C-FDE9-418A-899E-8A8AB67917C8@mde-dev.com>

Hello,

	Sorry it has been so quiet the last few months.  Anyways we have  
lined up a good set of speakers this time.  We are trying the meeting  
at a new location, let us know what you think of having it at this  
location or if you preferred the old location.  Well without further  
babbling here is the pertinent information.

Location: 810 Third Avenue
Seattle, WA 98104
Conference room on the first floor

Date: 10/23/2008
Time: 6:30PM


Speakers:

Speaker: Michael Eddington
Fuzzjacking!
Fuzzing is one of the hot new buzzwords in the security industry and  
if your clients had not already ask for it they will. This talk will  
introduce the subject, talk about different types of fuzzers,  
integration into SDL, when to fuzz and also talk a bit about the Peach  
Fuzzing Platform. Questions and interaction requested :)

Michael Eddington is a founding principal of Leviathan Security Group  
with over ten years experience in computer security, with expertise in  
application and network security, through threat modeling. Michael  
founded the security services practice for IOActive and co-founded the  
Security Services Center for Hewlett-Packard's services division.  
Michael is also an accomplished software developer, having  
participated in a number of open-source security development projects  
ranging from the Trike threat modeling conceptual framework to the  
Peach Fuzzer Platform.

Speaker: Chris Weber
Exploiting Unicode-enabled Software
This talk will showcase some of the ways that Unicode has been  
leveraged to cause software to break. We will survey the security  
issues outlined in Unicode Technical reports 36 and 39. The issues  
highlighted will be illustrated by examples of historical Unicode- 
related security flaws in popular software and Web applications. For  
each vulnerability we will assess the damage that was inflicted,  
describe how the exploit worked, and discuss the root cause. Examples  
will include demonstrations of how clever attackers can exploit  
Unicode-enabled software to run arbitrary code or takeover the machine.

Chris Weber co-founded Casaba Security who focuses on security testing  
for some of the world's leading software development companies and  
online properties. He has authored several security books, articles  
and presentations. He has worked as a security researcher and  
consultant for seven years and has identified hundreds of security  
vulnerabilities in many widely used software products

	We look forward to seeing everyone there.  Please let us know if you  
plan on coming so we can make sure to order enough food and have  
enough drinks on hand.

	Thanks,
	Mike de Libero & Scott Stender
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-seattle/attachments/20081012/0b5971f0/attachment.html 

