From andrea.cogliati at owasp.org  Wed Nov 11 09:02:32 2009
From: andrea.cogliati at owasp.org (Andrea Cogliati)
Date: Wed, 11 Nov 2009 09:02:32 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] Discussion panel on November 16th,
	6pm at Mykonos
In-Reply-To: <8881587341345352484@unknownmsgid>
References: <03bb01ca613f$29641820$7c2c4860$@com>
	<50968.13.13.16.2.1257780075.squirrel@ssl.durkee.us>
	<03e701ca6151$94c9f870$be5de950$@com>
	<C9AE0F42-FE52-4BA7-BF88-CE6C6CA8C475@owasp.org>
	<8881587341345352484@unknownmsgid>
Message-ID: <9517F782-4885-4A72-BEC3-575344041B16@owasp.org>

On November 16th at 6pm, the Rochester OWASP Chapter will be holding a  
discussion panel on Web Application Security with local security  
managers and professionals. The panel will be hosted by Mykonos at 220  
Kenneth Dr, Rochester, NY (entrance from Leigh Station Rd or W  
Henrietta Rd), near 390 and Leigh Station Road. Food and refreshment  
will be provided courtesy of Mykonos.

Please RSVP to <duane.peifer at uberguard.com> for headcount no later  
than Friday, November 13th. Please also feel free to submit questions  
for the panelists to the discussion mailing list <owasp-rochester-ny at lists.owasp.org 
 >. The panelists will also take questions from the audience.


Panelists

Kyle Adams: As architect and lead developer for Mykonos, Kyle Adams  
has final responsibility for code quality and technical excellence.  
Kyle is an undergraduate at the Rochester Institute of Technology,  
earning a Bachelor Degree in Computer Science with a minor in Criminal  
Justice. He wrote his first password protection software at age 10,  
started hacking incessantly, and was writing his own encryption  
software by age 14. An AJAX expert and enthusiast, Kyle has worked on  
scores of web application projects as a freelancer and entrepreneur.  
At BlueTie, Kyle re-wrote the application framework that drives their  
SaaS based email and collaboration platform. That framework was the  
beginning of Mykonos.


Howard Brill: Howard Brill is the Director of Health Informatics at  
the Monroe Plan for Medical Care, an IPA focused on Medicaid and  
Public Programs in Western New York. In 2008, the Monroe Plan?s  
program was rated the third best Managed Care Medicaid Plan by NCQA.   
The Health Informatics Department at the Monroe Plan develops  
information systems and supports the evaluation of clinical programs.  
Dr. Brill was the Senior Director of Physician Management Systems at  
HCIA, a major health informatics company, where he was responsible for  
the development of physician profiling software.  He has publications  
in medical sociology, statistical methodology, labor market studies,  
and immigration law research.  Dr. Brill has made several  
presentations on predictive modeling at national conferences.  He is a  
member of the IEEE Computer Society, AcademyHealth, and the Health  
Information and Management Systems Society.  He chairs the Rochester  
chapter of the IEEE Computer Society. Dr. Brill received his Bachelor  
of Science degree in Microbiology from Cornell University, Ithaca, New  
York in 1981. He received his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Sociology  
from Binghamton University in 1994.


Dwayne Foley: Dwayne is currently employed at XEROX Corporation in the  
Information Risk Management Group as a Senior Security Analyst. He is  
currently focused on security strategy and forward thinking projects  
that will help Xerox improve and maintain the proper security posture  
while enabling and embracing new technologies and services. Other  
current and past security related activity activities include:  
security reviews, firewall rules, router configuration reviews,  
perimeter services audit and review, system security checklist  
updates, input on policies updates, onsite vendor audits, network and  
database discovery, vulnerabilities and remediation scans, Provide SME  
(subject matter expert) support for SOX, and PCI compliance. Dwayne  
has over 25 years in the IT industry with 15 years of security focus.  
He worked for a LPA/ Xelus a Rochester based software development firm  
for 15 years in a number of capacities; Senior Systems Engineer,  
Security Manager, Information Technology Manager and Technical  
Consultant.  Activities including managing, building and securing  
systems for enterprise level applications for development, test, QA  
and production. Dwayne work closely with developers to influence  
product direction related to security and network performance thought  
several technology refreshes.  Dwayne also spent a number of years  
traveling consulting and implementing enterprise solutions for many of  
Xelus?s fortune 500 customers. Dwayne currently holds four security  
certifications: CISM, CISSP, GIAC GSEC, and GIAC GCFW


Jeff Lambert: As BlueTie's Chief Technology Officer, Jeffrey Lambert  
is responsible for the Systems and Network Administration groups at  
BlueTie, as well as managing Quality Assurance and BlueTie's corporate  
IT computing infrastructure including the build out, maintenance and  
operations of BlueTie's data centers. Mr. Lambert joined BlueTie as  
its first employee in March 1999 after working with Mr. Koretz at his  
previous company, Network Marketing International. The Systems and  
Network Administration groups are responsible for maintaining all of  
BlueTie's IT environments as well as improving the performance,  
scalability and reliability of BlueTie's suite of applications.


Jim McConeghy: Jim McConeghy is an experienced leader with solid  
financial, operational, process and information systems skills. He has  
gained his strategic and tactical experience through: Controllership  
roles in both Fortune 500 and midsize firms; Operational assignments  
in credit & collections, customer & consumer service, distribution,  
inventory management, product development, and new business  
development; Audit experience in both Public Accounting and domestic  
and international Internal Audit roles and Fortune 500 companies;  
Project leadership and implementation in a consulting practice  
including: Business process improvement projects, Product line  
profitability studies, Accounting Restatements, Sarbanes Oxley Design  
and Implementation. With over 25 years' experience in driving results  
through business process reengineering, performance measurement,  
change implementation, and information systems, Jim has a proven track  
record in implementing positive change. He has been a hands-on leader  
for many financial and operational performance improvement teams and  
has been a key contributor in information systems conversion and  
enhancement projects. Jim's strong analytical and communication skills  
are key assets when driving profit improvement change through and  
across organizations. He has extensive experience in all aspects of  
manufacturing, distribution, marketing, finance, project management,  
and information systems in both small organizations and Fortune 500  
multinationals. He has worked extensively as a corporate senior  
financial manager for the past decade. In 2004, Jim founded Signet  
Management, LLC, a consulting firm focused on business success through  
the use of financial tools, information system enhancements, and  
quality processes for midsize to large organizations. His management  
skills in an entrepreneurial enterprise like Signet are evident to  
clients and partners alike. Jim is a Certified Public Accountant. He  
received his MBA in finance and accounting from the William E. Simon  
Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of  
Rochester, Rochester, New York, and his BBA in accounting from Niagara  
University, Niagara Falls, New York. He is a leader in the Rochester  
Chapter of Financial Executives International, and a member of both  
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the  
Turnaround Management Association.


Duane Peifer: Duane is CTO at UberGuard Information Security, LLC, in  
Avon, NY, where he provides UberGuard's customers with technical  
consulting and web site security assessments and penetration tests. He  
holds a B.S. in Computer Science from Rochester Institute of  
Technology and has 15 years of Systems Engineering and Project  
Management experience. Duane is also the co-owner of UberScan, LLC, a  
startup software development company.

