From rd at rd1.net  Thu Jun 17 11:34:14 2010
From: rd at rd1.net (Ralph Durkee)
Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2010 11:34:14 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] Application Security position in Albany
Message-ID: <4C1A4076.5030800@rd1.net>



Security position in Albany. Reply to Craig Beronja if interested.

Aaron

-------- Original Message --------
Subject: 	GE Energy-Security
Date: 	Mon, 7 Jun 2010 14:39:36 +0000 (UTC)
From: 	Craig Beronja <craig.beronja at kellyocg.com>
Reply-To: 	craig.beronja at kellyocg.com
To: 	adsanders at adsanders.net


Aaron,

Thanks for reaching out. I have attached the job description for your
review.
Please let me know your thoughts.

Warm regards,

Craig Beronja
Talent Sourcing Recruiter
Kelly OCG
414 815-1768
*
Principal Engineer - Security / Cybersecurity*
GE Intelligent Platforms
Job Number: 1170861 
Albany, New York, United States
*
Role Summary/Purpose*

Principal Engineer is a key role in driving world-class cyber security
policies and practices across the software development lifecycle. This
is a highly visible role that will be producing a comprehensive security
strategy across production lines and driving process and project
execution in a cross-functional environment. This role will initially
focus on the requirements of infrastructure market segments such as
Smart Grid, Oil and Gas, Water, and Transportation.

*Essential Responsibilities
*.    Strong written and verbal communication skills
.    Threat modeling and product risk assessments
.    Identification and application of industry standards (NIST, NERC,
ISA, IEC)
.    Procedural definition (requirements, design, test, vulnerability
management)
.    Secure Design Practices, Secure Coding Guidelines, Security
Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
.    Security Testing Strategy (Source code analysis, application
penetration testing)
Review New Product Introductions (NPI) to validate adherence to secure
design, coding and testing policies / practices / guidelines
.    Establish operational metrics covering risk levels, standards
compliance, vulnerabilities, team capabilities and maturity
.    Promote awareness of cyber security across teams
.    Maintain leading-edge knowledge of cyber security by working with
external consultants, monitoring industry trends
.    Build strong relationships with other security experts across GE,
including the Systems Engineering

*Qualifications/Requirements
*.    Bachelor's of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer
Engineering, Electrical Engineering or other field
.    At least 7 years of experience in a software development environment
.    At least 5 years of experience of applying cyber security within
one or more parts of the software development
.    Strong interpersonal and written communication skills

GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work. Any offer
of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a
background investigation and drug screen.

*Desired Characteristics
*.    Strong knowledge of available general market products addressing
the security requirements
.    Industry recognized cyber security certification / accreditation
(e.g. CSSLP)
.    Demonstrable application of cyber security expertise in at least
two major projects
.    Technical depth in key cyber security technologies: encryption key
management, secure authentication protocols, SAML, static security code
analysis, penetration testing
.    High energy, results driven person with strong interpersonal skills
.    Solid understanding of the complexities of working in a matrix
environment
.    Experience in driving large initiatives in a multifunctional
environment

GE Intelligent Platforms is a high-performance technology company and a
global provider of software, hardware, services, and expertise in
automation, operations management, manufacturing execution systems, and
remote monitoring and diagnostics. We offer a unique foundation of agile
and reliable technology providing customers a sustainable advantage in
the industries they serve. We are looking for motivated, high performing
individuals with strong software engineering skills to advance our state
of the art software focused on Automation Systems around Manufacturing
Excellence, Knowledge Services for Remote Monitoring and Diagnostics,
and key industry vertical solutions for energy, oil and gas, water,
healthcare, aviation, and transportation industries.

GE Intelligent Platforms is headquartered in Charlottesville, VA, with
software development centers in Albany, NY, Edmonton, Alberta, Foxboro,
Massachusetts, Green Bay, Wisconsin, Hyderabad, India and GE's Advanced
Manufacturing and Software Technology Center in Michigan. For more
information, visit www.ge-ip.com.


-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-rochester-announce/attachments/20100617/062a044c/attachment.html 

From duane.peifer at uberguard.com  Fri Jun 25 10:36:08 2010
From: duane.peifer at uberguard.com (Duane Peifer)
Date: Fri, 25 Jun 2010 10:36:08 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] IEEE Rochester Computer Society
	Technical Meeting
Message-ID: <9771c56b37aa931b2408fbfe273d6cff@mail.gmail.com>

The Rochester IEEE Computer Society is hosting a presentation that OWASP
members may be interested in.

Feel free to attend.





Rochester Chapter, IEEE Computer Society Technical Meeting July 8, 2010 6:30
to 9:00



Topic

Man in the Middle Attacks: SSL Spoofing

Duane Peifer will talk about SSL spoofing, which is a very effective
man-in-the-middle attack. SSL spoofing is so effective because it exploits
services that people assume to be secure. The discussion will start with an
explanation of how SSL connections work. Then the steps to exploit an SSL
connection will be explained. The presentation will conclude with SSL
spoofing counter measures.



Duane is CTO at UberGuard Information Security, LLC, in Avon, NY, where he
provides UberGuard's customers with technical consulting and website
security assessments and penetration tests. He holds a B.S. in Computer
Science from Rochester Institute of Technology and has 15 years of Systems
Engineering and Project Management experience.



Pizza and Soft Drinks



Rochester Institute of Technology

B. Thomas Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences Building 70
Room 3000
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-rochester-announce/attachments/20100625/7ca2d194/attachment.html 

