From duane.peifer at uberguard.com  Thu Aug  5 10:17:09 2010
From: duane.peifer at uberguard.com (Duane Peifer)
Date: Thu, 5 Aug 2010 10:17:09 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] August Meeting
Message-ID: <aa7db3df2b1ef72df41acec563f235a6@mail.gmail.com>

Joint meeting with the Rochester ISSA Chapter

*When:* August 23rd at 6pm; ISSA chapter business will start the meeting.
The featured presentation will start at 6:30pm.

*Location:* Mykonos/BlueTie, 220 Kenneth Drive Rochester, NY

*Title:* Man in the Middle Attacks: SSL Spoofing

Duane Peifer, UberGuard Information Security

Ralph Durkee, Durkee Consulting

*Abstract:*

Duane Peifer will talk about SSL spoofing, or SSL man-in-the-middle attacks,
which are a very effective for obtaining sensitive information such as
accounts and passwords for web applications. SSL spoofing is so effective
because it exploits services that people assume to be secure. The discussion
will start with an explanation of how SSL connections work to provide
authentication and privacy, then the steps to exploit an SSL connection will
be explained, along with with SSL spoofing counter measures. Duane will then
demonstrate a couple of popular tools and techniques for these attacks
including SSLStrip. Ralph Durkee will follow with a brief presentation and a
demonstration using dsniff for SSL man-in-the-middle attacks. After these
demonstrations, using you web email and on-line banking just won't be the
same.

*Speakers' bios: *

Duane is CTO at UberGuard Information Security, LLC, in Avon, NY, where he
provides UberGuard's customers with technical consulting and website
security assessments and penetration tests. He holds a B.S. in Computer
Science from Rochester Institute of Technology and has 15 years of Systems
Engineering and Project Management experience.

Ralph Durkee, CISSP, GSEC, GCIH, GSNA, GPEN is the principal security
consultant and president of Durkee Consulting, Inc since 1996. Ralph is the
president of the Rochester ISSA Chapter and is the founder and vice
president for the OWASP Rochester chapter. He performs a variety of security
audits and software security assessments and software development
consultations for clients in the Rochester, NY area. His expertise in
penetration testing, incident handling, secure software development and
secure Internet and web applications is based on over 30 years of both
hands-on and technical training experience. He has developed and taught a
wide variety of professional security seminars including custom web
application security training, and SANS SEC401 & SEC504 - Hacker Techniques
and Incident Handling. and CISSP bootcamp courses since 2004. Ralph
regularly leads development of a wide variety of security standards such as
application security, database encryption and security consulting for
compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Ralph has
also led the development of several security benchmarks (standards) for the
Center for Internet Security including Red Hat Linux, FreeBSD, Apache, DNS
BIND, LDAP and RADIUS.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-rochester-announce/attachments/20100805/b0555800/attachment.html 

