From andrea.cogliati at owasp.org  Sun Mar 18 23:05:53 2012
From: andrea.cogliati at owasp.org (Andrea Cogliati)
Date: Sun, 18 Mar 2012 18:05:53 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] ISSA/OWASP joint meeting Thursday,
	March 29th at 5:30pm
Message-ID: <5B6A9B44-CEDF-4891-9F86-6F9E0B6C0E89@owasp.org>

We will have an ISSA/OWASP joint meeting on Thursday, March 29th at 5:30pm.

This meeting is sponsored by Imperva. We will start the meeting with a brief discussion of ISSA chapter business including a vote on bylaw changes previously emailed. This will be followed by renowned speaker Noa Bar-Yosef discussing the timely topic of Anonymous. Dinner will be will be provided, and there will be plenty of opportunity for networking and mingling. Details on the speaker, the sponsor, the discussion topic, location and directions to the meeting follow below. Please join us. Everyone is welcome, and this topic may be especially interesting to our OWASP colleagues.

Note: Please RSVP to info at rocissa.org by Friday, March 23th so we can get a headcount.

De-Anonymizing Anonymous
--------------------------
What do you see when you take the Guy Fawkes mask off?  In 2011, Imperva managed to witness an assault by hacktivist group Anonymous including the use of social media for communications and, most importantly, their attack methods.  Since Anonymous' targets are highly variable, anyone can fall victim and security professionals need to know how to prepare.
 

This talk will give a walk-through the key stages of an Anonymous campaign:

*       Recruitment and communication: We show how Anonymous leverages social networks to recruit its members and pick a target.

*       Application attack:  We detail and sequence the steps Anonymous hackers deploy to take data and bring down websites.

*       DDoS: In this final stage, we shed light on the DDoS techniques deployed to take down websites.

Finally, we recommend key mitigation steps that organizations need to take if they ever become a target.
 

Noa Bar-Yosef
-----------------
Noa is a senior security strategist at Imperva. In this role Noa researches and analyzes the trends in the threat landscape. She is a frequent contributor to different security magazines, comments on security-breaking news, and is regularly invited to speak at industry events. Currently, Noa also writes a bi-weekly column on hacker trends and techniques for SecurityWeek.  Previously, she held the position of a senior security researcher for Imperva's Application Defense Center. She holds a MSc degree (specializing in information security) from Tel-Aviv University.

Note: Please RSVP to info at rocissa.org by Friday, March 23 so we can get a headcount.
 
Date/Time: Thursday, March 29th, 2012 at 5:30pm
Location: Nixon Peabody LLP - 1300 Clinton Square, Susan B. Anthony 14th Floor Conference Room - Rochester, NY 14604
 
The meeting is in the 14th floor Susan B. Anthony conference room of Nixon Peabody.  Parking is in the parking garage beneath Clinton Square.  Please grab a ticket when parking and bring it to the meeting.  It will be validated at the meeting so that parking will be free.  If you have any problems finding the building or locating the floor, please contact Rich Savacool at 585-281-4864.

Directions
----------
From the East:

?Take I-490 west towards Rochester
?Take the Clinton Avenue exit
?Clinton Square Building is about two blocks down on left
?Go through Broad Street/Clinton intersection, passing Clinton Square Building on the left
?Entrance to parking garage is on left just after Broad Street
?Take garage elevator to lobby; then take lobby elevators to 14th floor
?The meeting will be in Conference Room 14A, the Susan B. Anthony Room

From the West:

?Take I-490 East towards Rochester
?Stay in the right lane to cross the Troup-Howell bridge. Take exit 15 for South Ave./Rte. 15
?Turn left at 2nd light
?Turn left at light onto Clinton
?Stay in second lane from the left
?Clinton Square Building (corner of Clinton & Broad) is about two blocks down on left
?Go through Broad Street/Clinton intersection, pass Clinton Square Building on the left, and take first driveway on left to enter Clinton Square Parking garage
?Take garage elevator to lobby; then take lobby elevators to 14th floor
?The meeting will be in Conference Room 14A, the Susan B. Anthony Room

