From andrea.cogliati at owasp.org  Wed Jan 18 19:43:10 2012
From: andrea.cogliati at owasp.org (Andrea Cogliati)
Date: Wed, 18 Jan 2012 14:43:10 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] OWASP Chapter Survey: we need your
	feedback!
Message-ID: <2B782C5C-1F20-46AE-A114-A0498DAFD8FF@owasp.org>

Dear OWASP followers, after our big annual event, the Rochester Security Summit, followed by a period of low activity during the holidays, it's time to start a new year with new ideas! And we need your feedback. Help us help you! 

We prepared a quick survey that you can fill out online on SurveyMonkey: http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/MTBH3S2

If you prefer to reply by email, please answer the questions below.

It will only take 5 minutes of your time but it will help us a lot!

Looking forward to seeing you at the next OWASP meeting.

Andrea Cogliati and the OWASP Rochester Chapter Board
http://owasp.org/rochester


1. Currently the local chapter meets the third Monday of the month at 6pm, alternating between formal meetings and social meetings. Is there a better time to meet? [Examples: I like the current schedule, Over lunch hour during the week, During the work day, Weekends, Keep it evenings, but do it some other day, Other (please specify)]

2. We currently meet every month. How often should we meet? [Examples: Monthly, Every other month, Quarterly, Other (please specify)]

3. We have tried to keep a consistent meeting place. Is a known fixed location better or should me try to rotate locations? [Examples: Always be central say downtown, Move the meeting around, say Greece, Penfield, Henrietta, etc., Other (please specify)]

4. We currently try to balance education and social networking. Is this good or should we be focus more on one or the other? [Examples: Education and social networking is a good balance, I want more presentations, I prefer social networking, Other (please specify)]

5. What would you want to get out of OWASP? [Examples: Security Tools, Security Libraries, Security Guides and Tutorials, Presentations about security vulnerabilities and exploits, Presentations about basic software security, Presentations about advanced software security topics, Presentations about defensive programming strategies, Networking with peers, Other (please specify)]

6. What three things influence your attendance the most? [Examples: Meeting time, Location, Speakers, Topic, Food, Social networking, Other (please specify)]

7. We typically send out reminders the week before a meeting. When is the best time to get a reminder? [Examples: 2 weeks before, A week before, 2 days in advance, 1 day in advance, The day of, Other (please specify)]

8. We are looking for meeting places, do you know of one?

9. We are always looking for good speakers. Do you want to speak or have a suggestion of someone who should?

10. What topics do you want to see at future meetings?

