From rd at rd1.net  Mon Mar 11 21:23:24 2013
From: rd at rd1.net (Ralph Durkee)
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 2013 17:23:24 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] OWASP Meeting - Ethical Hacking as a
	Professional Penetration Testing Technique
Message-ID: <CAPBEpAE+N5pTHNqP=F-3LZawyF4dp6umG7R9RK1+kUomqZWumQ@mail.gmail.com>

OWASP Meeting - Ethical Hacking as a Professional Penetration Testing
Technique
Joint OWASP - ISSA meeting We'll have some brief news and chapter business
followed by a presentation by Ralph Durkee. Food will be provided so please
register by responding for this invite by responding to this invite or
sending an email to info at rocissa.org. You can park in J or T Lots. Campus
maps are on-line http://maps.rit.edu. Presentation Title: Ethical Hacking
as a Professional Penetration Testing Technique Ralph will briefly discuss
Ethical Hacking (EH) and Penetration Testing (PT), why they are important
and how they differ. He will talk about the ethical hacking mindset and the
ethical hacking process and why it's important as a professional
penetration testing meta-technique. The presentation will then apply the EH
process with audience participation on exploiting sample vulnerabilities of
both servers and clients. The examples will cover several specific, yet
basic tools and techniques that continue to be effective in the
exploitations of systems, applications and clients. Of course he'll also
briefly discuss how to defend against these attacks. Although the cool
tools and sexy exploits tend to get much of the attention when it comes to
penetration testing, the focus will be on the ethical hacking as a
meta-technique and how it can be applied to maximize the usefulness of the
results to the hiring organization. The presentation will also cover some
common misconceptions, mistakes, ethical issues and non-professionalisms
that continue to trouble the profession. Bio Ralph Durkee is the principal
security consultant and president of Durkee Consulting, Inc since 1996.
Ralph founded the OWASP Rochester, NY chapter and has served on the board
since 2004. Ralph served on the ISSA chapter board to start the Rochester
ISSA chapter as well as starting the annual Rochester Security Summit. He
has served as the ISSA chapter president since 2010. He performs a variety
of network and application penetration tests, software security assessments
and secure software development consultations for clients. His expertise in
penetration testing, incident handling, secure software development and
secure Internet and web applications is based on over 30 years of both
hands-on and technical training experience. He has developed and taught a
wide variety of professional security seminars including custom web
application security training, and SANS SEC401 & SEC504 - Hacker Techniques
and Incident Handling and CISSP bootcamp courses since 2004. Ralph also
regularly consults on the development and implementation of a wide variety
of security standards such as web application security, database
encryption, Windows and Linux security. Ralph also has done security
consulting for compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard, and holds the following certifications CISSP, CRISC, GSEC, GCIH,
GSNA, GCIA, and GPEN.
*When*
Thu, April 18, 5:30pm ? 7:30pm GMT-04:00
*Where*
RIT's Golisano Hall Auditorium (Building 70, Room 1400)
*Who*
?
Ralf Durkee
?
owasp-rochester-announce at lists.owasp.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-rochester-announce/attachments/20130311/ecc1ed80/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/calendar
Size: 4022 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-rochester-announce/attachments/20130311/ecc1ed80/attachment.ics>

From rd at rd1.net  Wed Mar 13 21:25:52 2013
From: rd at rd1.net (Ralph Durkee)
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 17:25:52 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-rochester-announce] iOS Position Open
Message-ID: <5140EEE0.4090107@rd1.net>

Logical Operations (logicaloperations.com) has an immediate opportunity 
for a consultant to work with us on a proposed new security curriculum 
project.  We are looking for individuals with not only strong mobile 
security experience but also specific iOS application development and 
coding expertise.

More information is available from Nancy Curtis, Director, Content 
Development, Logical Operations.
Interested individuals should get in touch with Nancy at 585-350-7077 or 
nancy.curtis at logicaloperations.com.

Thank you in advance for your interest.




