From tony.turner at owasp.org  Fri Aug 26 08:33:45 2011
From: tony.turner at owasp.org (Tony Turner)
Date: Fri, 26 Aug 2011 08:33:45 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-orlando] Welcome to OWASP Orlando
Message-ID: <CAFm0_mwHeiy6-ZEhK-5VdK9_LUem1do+Ygrz0fCovsTQxaS5Ag@mail.gmail.com>

Greetings OWASP Orlando folks!

First off I wanted to thank you for your interest in our fledgling chapter.
We are up to 7 members on the mailing list now so wanted to at least reach
out and say Hi. There are several more who have joined the Linkedin group
but have not signed up here at the mailing list yet so we may have more
participation than what is represented here but mailing list membership is
how we (and OWASP) are tracking member counts. If you know anyone who might
have an interest, please send them our way. We will be meeting on a
quarterly basis initially.

I'm setting a tentative date for our first meeting for October 19th at 6:30
PM. I will show up earlier than that but want to make sure folks have time
to wrap up their work day before they head over. We have not yet decided on
a venue but should have that information out to you within the next few
weeks. This initial meeting will be an introduction to OWASP culture, some
of the larger OWASP projects (there are so many!) and an opportunity to meet
other members of the group. We will be looking for ideas from each of you as
to what you are looking to get out of the group, what you can contibute in
terms of content, leadership roles or even just really interesting tales of
woe with regards to application security.

We have plans for major content meetings in the quarters to come, so don't
worry that this group will be only about social interaction. We do want to
take steps to build a community here in the Orlando area but feel a mix of
interpersonal interaction, partnership with local organizations and high
quality content is the way to achieve this. We've received interest from
established speakers in other OWASP chapters and we have some very talented
members already in this group so I'm really looking forward to seeing the
kind of content we can deliver. We also have received interest from 2
security firms for sponsorship but are looking for more. Currently our
chapter funds are at $0 although OWASP does have provisions for new chapters
to procure certain materials from the parent organization until such time as
we have funds to be self-sufficient. We will be exploring those and other
options, and I should have some useful freebies to hand out at our first
meeting.

I would highly recommend everyone read the page at
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Chapter to learn more about
OWASP chapters and the resources that are available to us.

Thanks!

--
Tony Turner
OWASP Orlando Chapter Leader
tony.turner at owasp.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-orlando/attachments/20110826/45c8a89f/attachment.html 

