From steve.kosten at owasp.org  Tue Aug 21 17:39:57 2018
From: steve.kosten at owasp.org (Steve Kosten)
Date: Tue, 21 Aug 2018 11:39:57 -0600
Subject: [Owasp-denver] Join us for Denver OWASP September Meeting
Message-ID: <CANFTLBxE+VRC4n8_qiE=ozwsCQk6i-PFTya4UuGg9Ykw8hkP_w@mail.gmail.com>

RSVP at https://www.meetup.com/Denver-OWASP

Please come join us for our OWASP Denver meeting. Enjoy some great food,
drinks and networking courtesy of Denver OWASP. Come network beforehand and
after the presentation (which will start shortly after 6:00)

TOPIC: Application Security in an Ever Changing Digital Landscape

Why is application security such a crucial function of any robust Cyber
Security Program. We will take a look at the state of cyber security and
where the threats are heading. Why is application security still the
"weakest" link in most programs and how to position application security
programs successfully in an organization. We will dive into why application
security is not a product but a program. Most importantly, what are the key
steps companies have taken to establish application security programs that
have really moved the needle with respect to producing secure,
vulnerability free code.

Speaker: Stan Wisseman

Stan has over 30 years of information security experience and has applied
security best practices to operating systems, networks, systems, software,
and enterprises. He has worked for NSA, Oracle, Cable & Wireless, Cigital,
and Booz Allen Hamilton in roles that have ranged from Security Engineer,
Product Manager, to Director of various Information Security consulting
practices, including ones focused on application security. While at Booz
Allen, Stan helped establish firm wide communities of practice for software
assurance, co-chaired the DHS Software Assurance Initiative?s Software
Security Supply Chain working group, and established and chaired the
Northern Virginia?s chapter for OWASP. Following Booz Allen, he served as
Deputy CISO and then CISO of Fannie Mae, where, among other things, he
helped establish an application security program. Stan holds a B.S. in
Computer Science from Texas A&M and a Masters from Santa Clara University.
He holds the following certificates: CISSP, CISM, CSSLP, and CCSK.

Steve Kosten
OWASP Denver Board Member
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-denver/attachments/20180821/978f48cc/attachment.html>

