From rorym at nmrconsult.net  Tue Oct  5 09:05:36 2010
From: rorym at nmrconsult.net (Rory McCune)
Date: Tue, 5 Oct 2010 14:05:36 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-scotland] October Meeting Confirmed - 21st October
Message-ID: <AANLkTik7H2As5kNv9xC8ctWNkaGCEH=ps9FEsM_sX681@mail.gmail.com>

Hi all,

So we've got the meeting all sorted out for Thursday 21st October.
We're using eventbrite again to keep track of attendees, so if you'd
like to come along just go to

http://owaspsctoct2010.eventbrite.com/

and register.


The details are :-

OWASP Scotland - October 2010

The OWASP Scotland October meeting is happening on Thursday 21st of
October. Doors open at 6:30pm with talks starting at 7:00pm.
We've got two speakers lined up
David Stubley  with a talk titled "A hackers guide to forensics and
incident response"
Brian Porter with a talk on using phishtank to attack the attackers.
The guys at SecureWorks have kindly agreed to host for us so the
address will be :-

SecureWorks
2nd Floor Meeting Room
Abbey Business Center
83 Princes Street
EH2 2ER

From rorym at nmrconsult.net  Thu Oct  7 07:41:54 2010
From: rorym at nmrconsult.net (Rory McCune)
Date: Thu, 7 Oct 2010 12:41:54 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-scotland] 21st Meeting - update
Message-ID: <AANLkTimxdYe-MRRGf6_tAP5H1NvwrHSSyTtbN=aie7WQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi all,

just a quick note relating to the meeting on the 21st.  At the moment
we've filled up the room that we've got available, so it's not
possible to make a booking through the Eventbrite system.  If you're
still interested in coming along, drop me a line and I'll slot people
in if there are any cancellations or we come up with a way to fit more
people in :)

Cheers

Rory

From rorym at nmrconsult.net  Mon Oct 18 04:44:22 2010
From: rorym at nmrconsult.net (Rory McCune)
Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2010 09:44:22 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-scotland] Meeting Thursday - More places available
Message-ID: <AANLkTinx0=q08mjga_==Egt3WS6pkw4BesakUCbi3_0a@mail.gmail.com>

Hi all,

Just a quick reminder about the meeting on Thursday.  Luckily the
secureworks guys have managed to get us some more places, so if anyone
else would like to come along there's more tickets available at the
eventbrite site http://owaspsctoct2010.eventbrite.com/ here.

Look forward to seeing everyone there.

Cheers

Rory

From rorym at nmrconsult.net  Fri Oct 22 05:52:52 2010
From: rorym at nmrconsult.net (Rory McCune)
Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2010 10:52:52 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-scotland] A couple of things from last nights meeting
Message-ID: <AANLkTi=3EHap2nJrk_yzdwtV=dMGox+GTBTRx+zR0Frp@mail.gmail.com>

Hi all,

Thanks for coming along to the meeting last night, I hope everyone
found it useful.  A couple of things from my presentation.

The Application Security QA Site that I mentioned can be found here
http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/8431/application-security?referrer=5HVhxlag7hsQTrbrwxmuhA2
.  If you're interested in either asking or answering questions on
AppSec I'd say it's well worth signing up and committing to help out
(the more sign-ups the faster it goes live, from what I can see of the
site)

Also as I mentioned last night, it'd be really good if anyone would
like to do a talk, or has an idea of what they'd like to hear about,
where I can try and arrange a speaker.

Also if anyone's got premises that we can use (central Edinburgh, or
maybe central Glasgow would be best), it'd be much appreciated if you
could drop me a line :)

Last thing from me, is date for the next meeting.

Looking at the diary we could try and sort something out for the 2nd
of December if people are up for that, ?


Cheers

Rory

From David.Stubley at 7elements.co.uk  Fri Oct 22 08:49:19 2010
From: David.Stubley at 7elements.co.uk (David Stubley)
Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2010 13:49:19 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-scotland] Incident Response
Message-ID: <14B4ECD8FB697D41B9B872FBA9168FB8048D900943@NELSON.7elements.local>

A quick overview of the talk that I gave last night at the Scottish OWASP meeting.

Incident Response -

1. Key question to ask at the beginning of any incident is

"Is this likely to go to court or involve law enforcement?"

If there is any possible outcome that turns this question in to a yes then you have no choice but to use an approach that meets the evidential handling requirements of the local legal jurisdiction of the incident.  Within the UK the foundations for this approach have been documented by the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) and serve to ensure that evidence handling, investigation practices and supporting activity are carried out legally.

The following show the four high level principles set out by ACPO :-

Principle 1:
No action taken by law enforcement agencies or their
agents should change data held on a computer or storage
media which may subsequently be relied upon in court.
Principle 2:
In circumstances where a person finds it necessary
to access original data held on a computer or on storage
media, that person must be competent to do so and be
able to give evidence explaining the relevance and the
implications of their actions.
Principle 3:
An audit trail or other record of all processes applied
to computer-based electronic evidence should be created
and preserved. An independent third party should be able
to examine those processes and achieve the same result.
Principle 4:
The person in charge of the investigation (the case
officer) has overall responsibility for ensuring that the
law and these principles are adhered to.

Basically, if you get involved in such an incident then make sure you work with forensically trained teams, be it internally resources or in partnering with a specialist service provider.


2. In terms of basics for incident response, well PPPPPP! That's Prior Planning Prevents P$?& Poor Performance!
Make sure you have a documented approach to incident management, defined roles and responsibilities and that you have tested it all out prior to dealing with your first incident! Otherwise it is unlikely to go well. A few pointers that I have picked up over the years to aid this are -

3. Use IS specialists to provide advice and guidance to the incident group and not have them running the incident. This approach enables your specialist to be just that, the specialist.

4. If the incident is in response to an event that could impact the business being able to meet its objectives (say, make money?) then it should be the business representative that makes the final decision (based upon sound advice and guidance from the specialists). Too many times I have been involved in incident calls where the business rep has looked to offload the decision making on to techies.

5. If you are dealing with a complex issue that requires both technical teams and business focused teams to be working, think about splitting the two teams in to focused indecent groups and have a link person that delivers messages between them. This enables the noise and chatter that is generated to be compartmentalised, the business team do not need to know how specific lines of code are going to be updated to stop that SQL injection attack and the technical teams don't need to be listening to the business managers talking about media statements and legal advice. This approach lets each team focus on the key issues that they will have to deal with.

6. Have a dedicated (for the period of the incident) resource to manage incident calls, take notes and track actions. There is nothing worse than sitting on a call for three hours to reconvene later on to find out that no one has actually done anything! This approach also helps to establish a time-line for the incident and will enable a more effective post incident review to be conducted.

7. If you are not having to go down the forensic route, it could be useful to engage the services of your friendly hackers (we call them security testers) to provide their expertise.

Security testers enjoy problem solving, they can generally code (which is very useful when managing large amounts of data) and they have an innate understanding of exploits and the reality of what can be achieved by hackers. This insight can go along way to gaining an understanding of what has happened, the risk exposure to the business and in highlighting potential options for recovery.

Your friendly hacker is also very good at testing any fix to see if this successfully mitigates the exposure or to conducted targeted assurance tests to understand if you are vulnerable to the same issue in other areas of your organisation.


In summary, you can gain a huge amount of advantage through the use of security testers as part of your incident response approach.

However, remember that sound forensic practices need to be use in cases that will involve the local law enforcement or courts! Given the choice of putting a forensic engineer in front of the courts or a pale, caffeine addicted hacker I will choose the forensics engineer every time. :-)


Regards,

David

David Stubley, Director
07921 520 077
david.stubley at 7elements.co.uk<mailto:david.stubley at 7elements.co.uk>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-scotland/attachments/20101022/f77eae7e/attachment.html 

