From tim.morgan at owasp.org  Thu May 29 15:45:39 2014
From: tim.morgan at owasp.org (Tim Morgan)
Date: Thu, 29 May 2014 08:45:39 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Reminder: Chapter Meeting Tonight
Message-ID: <20140529154539.GS23760@sentinelchicken.org>


Hi OWASPers,

Just wanted to remind you about our chapter meeting tonight at 6pm.
Ian Melven will be presenting "The Evolving Web Security Model".
With Ian's depth of experience in security and the web, this should
make for a very interesting talk.  More details here:

  http://calagator.org/events/1250466087


Hope to see you there!

tim

From jake.evans at gmail.com  Fri May 30 22:23:01 2014
From: jake.evans at gmail.com (Jake Evans)
Date: Fri, 30 May 2014 15:23:01 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-portland] job posting
Message-ID: <CAK7y4fjMCYNu9YXh5D3QmR8fHtm4bGTXtJ+Ceczrceb5o4rWPQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hey folks,

My company is hiring so I thought I'd send this out to fellow PDX OWASP-ers
since the position is very heavy on web app pen testing.  Drop me a line if
you're interested and we'll go from there.

These are the details (most important details *bolded*):

The Oracle Cloud Security organization is tasked with ensuring the security
of the Oracle Cloud offerings. This includes security policy/standards
definition, operation of security infrastructure in the cloud, security
monitoring/testing and regulatory compliance.

Brief Posting Description

                Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs
for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.

Detailed Description

                As a member of the software engineering division, you will
take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices
and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing
software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging
of software applications or operating systems.

Job Requirements

                Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the
application of advanced technical/business skills in area of
specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member,
providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent
experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or
related experience.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified
applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other
characteristic protected by law.


Additional Details

                *This role will be part of the Oracle Cloud Security team's
ethical hacking team. Successful applicants will possess the knowledge
necessary to conduct ethical hacking activities on: web applications,
middle-ware, Java containers/technologies,databases, systems and networks.
Ethical hacking activities will be focused primarily on web applications,
but will also include the entire stack that comprises the Oracle Cloud.
Familiarity with MVC based frameworks and common web programming languages
is required. A background in web development and debugging is a plus, as is
knowledge of common web application penetration testing tools and the
ability to write/scripts and additional tools on an as needed basis.*

Jake Evans
GXPN, GPEN, GWAPT, GCIA, GCIH, CISSP
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20140530/306b65b6/attachment.html>

