From tim.morgan at owasp.org  Fri Sep 30 17:47:56 2016
From: tim.morgan at owasp.org (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Fri, 30 Sep 2016 10:47:56 -0700
Subject: [OWASP-Portland] November Security Training: Call for Sponsors
Message-ID: <20160930104756.7af2a48e@shannon.sentinelchicken.org>

Happy Friday!

On November 2nd our chapter is hosting a training day.  It will include four
half-day workshops:

  Cyber Hygiene - Critical Security Controls
    by Brian Ventura

  Introduction to Injection Vulnerabilities
    by Timothy Morgan

  Applied Physical Attacks on Embedded Systems, Introductory Version
    by Joe FitzPatrick

  Fuzzing: Introduction & Practice
    by Adam Russell

After classes conclude, we will also host an evening social hour.  For more
information, see the main event page (a work in progress):
  https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Portland_2016_Training_Day


Our hope for this event has always been to keep costs low for students.  (We
expect the registration fees to land in the $10-$40 range, which is about one
tenth the cost that these courses would normally cost.)  We want to ensure those
with limited access to this kind of training could reasonably pay out of pocket
if their employers don't support them.  Our instructors are all volunteering
their time, content, and expertise for the event.  To cover the remaining
expenses, we have enlisted a number of sponsors, so far including:

 GitHub
 New Relic
 Pacific Northwest Software Quality Conference
 Simple
 Summit Security Group


However, in order to meet our targets and minimize costs for students, we need
to raise more funds.  We still have sponsorship opportunities available in
the following areas:

 Mixer/Social Hour Sponsorship
 Training Session Sponsorship
 Morning Refreshments Sponsorship
 General Sponsor

Please help spread the word!

We plan on opening up general registration next week, and expect the seats
will fill up fast.  Note however that we will temporarily hold a few seats for 
Training Session Sponsors, so now is the time to step up and support us if you
have staff who would benefit from these courses.

If you are interested in more information on the sponsorship packages, please
email myself and Katie (CCed here).

Thanks!
tim

