From alex.bauert at owasp.org  Fri Jun  3 13:40:35 2016
From: alex.bauert at owasp.org (Alex Bauert)
Date: Fri, 3 Jun 2016 08:40:35 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-twincities] June Meeting at ISSA -Data Security and
 Encryption; AppSec in a DevOps World
Message-ID: <CAERhyr+eaaDQYCvFAQGbFuDJ8i5Zijn7ugKcZ4DJ8eBK5gNreg@mail.gmail.com>

All,

ISSA MN has extended an invitation to OWASP MSP to join them at their
monthly meeting on
June 21.

Bi-Monthly Member Meeting @ Ewald Conference Center
ISSA Event
<http://mn.issa.org/event/bi-monthly-member-meeting-2-2-2/?instance_id=14>
Jun 21 @ 1:00 pm ? 4:00 pm
Our third member meeting for 2016 will be held June 21st, 1:00-4:00pm, at
the Ewald Conference Center in St Paul.  Come out and join us for our
informative presentations and great networking with your coworkers,
colleagues and friends!
Data Security and Encryption
Shogo Cottrell, CISSP, GCIH
Companies are increasingly focusing on encryption, database monitoring, and
data leak prevention systems for protecting sensitive data. Data protection
tools come in various forms and capabilities. Encryption continues to be
the most common and widely recommended approach for protecting data.
Numerous data protection regulations and industry standards like PCI DSS
even require organizations to encrypt data while both at rest and in
motion. With enterprises increasingly using cloud services to host their
applications and data, cloud encryption gateways have emerged as another
key component in enterprise data protection strategies. The rules typically
provide a safe harbor for organizations that implement an encryption
technology.
We will also discuss the trends in companies deploying these technologies.
On one hand, companies appear to be using a fairly wide spectrum of
products to protect sensitive data from compromise. On the other hand, only
a relatively small proportion are making the effort to do so.
Shogo Cottrell is the Security Strategist within the Enterprise Security
Products business unit at Hewlett-Packard. In this role, Mr. Cottrell is
responsible for driving strategic initiatives and providing thought
leadership and insight regarding the ever-changing global threat landscape.
Prior to joining HP, Mr. Cottrell led the Information Security functions at
Payless ShoeSource and Waddell & Reed. He was instrumental in establishing
information security programs at both organizations that helped to reduce
risk and protect the business from emerging and existing threats. Mr.
Cottrell started his career as an Information Systems Officer in the U.S.
Marine Corps and has over 20 years of Information Security and Information
Technology leadership experience. He holds the CISSP and GCIH security
certifications and is an active member of the information security
community, including InfraGard and ISSA.
The Need for Speed: AppSec in a DevOps World
John Dickson, CISSP
Application development is rapidly evolving to so that developers can
deploy software updates at a breakneck pace using DevOps and continuous
integration concepts. With compressed development cycles and daily builds,
how do application security concepts remain relevant? As an industry, are
we at risk of ?winning the last war? by applying application security
concepts that lend themselves to a structured, waterfall software
development life cycle? How do application security concepts evolve and
reduce risk when time to deploy outweighs security perfection in software?
This session will provide a brief overview of application development in a
devops world, and will provide actionable strategies for security conscious
organizations looking to make the leap to DevOps without leaving behind
security.
John Dickson is an internationally recognized security leader, entrepreneur
and Principal at Denim Group, Ltd. He has nearly 20 years hands-on
experience in intrusion detection, network security and application
security in the commercial, public and military sectors. A former U.S. Air
Force officer, Dickson served in the Air Force Information Warfare Center
(AFIWC) and was a member of the Air Force Computer Emergency Response Team
(AFCERT). Since his transition to the commercial arena, he has played
significant client-facing roles with companies such as Trident Data
Systems, KPMG and SecureLogix Corporation.
Dickson is a popular speaker on security at industry venues including the
RSA Security Conference, the SANS Institute, the Open Web Application
Security Project (OWASP) and at other international security conferences.
He is a sought-after security expert and regularly contributes to Dark
Reading and other security publications. He also regularly contributes to
the Denim Group blog where he writes about key security industry issues
such as software security and cyber security policy. A Distinguished Fellow
of the International Systems Security Association, he has been a Certified
Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) since 1998.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-twincities/attachments/20160603/bf825702/attachment.html>

From alex.bauert at owasp.org  Fri Jun  3 13:50:43 2016
From: alex.bauert at owasp.org (Alex Bauert)
Date: Fri, 3 Jun 2016 08:50:43 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-twincities] Threat Modeling Training - Hands on 1/2 day
 session - Friday June 24, 8 AM
Message-ID: <CAERhyrK4+K0zZ--1yofZgjGW4j6QNbTGAneC6qfzBiTHF86B1A@mail.gmail.com>

OWASP MSP invites you to participate in a hands-on Practical Threat
Modeling classroom session.

The session will be held on June 24,  8 AM at the STSS Bldg, University of
MN

Mpls Campus.  Follow the registration
<https://www.eventbrite.com/e/practical-hands-on-threatmodeling-tickets-25739451392>
link for details.

Registration REQUIRED
<https://www.eventbrite.com/e/practical-hands-on-threatmodeling-tickets-25739451392>


The session will be led by Anurag Agarwal. He will provide a split of class
room lecture and hands-on lab work to demonstrate Practical Threat Modeling
principles and activities.


Registration is limited to manage the class size. You must bring your own
laptop!!!

OWASP Members can sign up for at a discount (we must be able to look you up
or bring proof of membership)

Registration for non-members will include a 1 year OWASP membership.


Coffee and a light breakfast will be provided.

Registration REQUIRED
<https://www.eventbrite.com/e/practical-hands-on-threatmodeling-tickets-25739451392>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-twincities/attachments/20160603/42db30e6/attachment.html>

