From kate.hartmann at owasp.org  Mon Mar 14 14:14:47 2016
From: kate.hartmann at owasp.org (Kate Hartmann)
Date: Mon, 14 Mar 2016 10:14:47 -0400
Subject: [OWASP-cheat-sheets] Cheat Sheet Training Series
Message-ID: <CAMSKWzPsowbRzhm1kj4oxiZqmbUYH2q0u7G-iwivhYkoGwZRiQ@mail.gmail.com>

We all know the Cheat Sheet series is awesome!  These single topic
reference pages are among the most referenced pages on the OWASP wiki.  I
have been told by developers and by developer managers that they love them
because it addresses a problem in a complete way without requiring hours of
reading, picking through pages and pages of text, or watching hours of
videos.

One of the Foundation's strategic goals for 2016 involves creating new
curriculum and content based on output from projects.  A second strategic
goal focuses on outreach to the Developer community.

To work towards both of these goals, I would like to begin to create some
short training sessions that focus on the OWASP Cheat Sheets.

The Foundation has added the GoToTraining platform to our list of available
tools and resources.  I would like to use this platform to host 1 or 2 hour
virtual training sessions with the goal of putting together a 3 day, high
energy, LIVE Cheat Sheet Training program either in the fall of 2016 or
early in 2017.

If you are a Cheat Sheet author and would like to participate as a trainer,
let me know.  There will be additional resources available to assist you in
putting together a session, and even with presenting the class, so don't be
shy.  Teams of trainers would also be OK.

I will be sending this invitation to the larger leader's list shortly, but
wanted to give this group the first opportunity to participate.

I just wanted to add that creativity is encouraged!  If you have another
idea (other than GoToTraining or GoToWebinar) of how to put together
instruction on your topic, let's talk about it.  I don't think that there
would be any ideas we wouldn't be able to at least try!

On Friday, Yuk Fai Chan helped arrange a call with the organizers of SecTor
<https://tracking.cirrusinsight.com/4edf59fb-7691-4bf8-bc77-f3227351e427/sector-ca>,
an event in Toronto in October.  OWASP has an opportunity to host a day of
pre-conference training at the event!  It would be awesome to be able to
submit a proposal for a day of cheat sheet trainings!

OWASP is also working with the community selected developer events to try
and get speaking/training opportunities.

If anyone on this list is aware of an opportunity to present some training,
let's discuss it and make it happen!

I'm looking forward to working with everyone on this initiative!

-- 


Kate Hartmann
kate.hartmann at owasp.org
+1 301-275-9403
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cheat-sheets/attachments/20160314/b8c97fb0/attachment.html>

