From jonathan.marcil at owasp.org  Tue May 19 15:58:41 2015
From: jonathan.marcil at owasp.org (Jonathan Marcil)
Date: Tue, 19 May 2015 11:58:41 -0400
Subject: [ OWASP - Montreal ] 3 juin 2015 - JWT / JSON Web Tokens
Message-ID: <555B5DB1.1040106@owasp.org>

OWASP Montr?al - 3 juin 2015 - JWT / JSON Web Tokens

PR?SENTATEURS : Benoit Piette

R?SUM? : Dans les mod?les application mobiles et HTML5 riches,
l?authentification et l?autorisation Web traditionnelle par session /
cookies est peu avantageuse car elle n?cessite la gestion de la session
c?t? serveur. Pour y arriver, JWT une est mani?re ? URL safe ? de
transporter des ? claims ? ou revendications au travers les APIs Web et
qui transporte toute l?information n?cessaire pour que la portion
serveur n?aie pas ? g?rer la session. Cette pr?sentation se veut une
petite introduction ? l?utilisation de JWT pour une application HTML5
simple utilisant AngularJS.

BIO: Benoit Piette est architecte de solution Web et il travaille dans
le domaine depuis 1996. Il a ?t? l?architecte Web de la plateforme
num?rique du site Internet www.metro.ca. En tant qu?architecte, il a
particip? aux projets de Via Rail, l?ACQ, l?AMT, CAE, Wizard of the
Coast, la Banque Nationale et A?roplan. Il est maintenant pr?sident de
la firme R?soeuvra Inc qui offre des services de consultation en
strat?gie, d?architecture et de d?veloppement Web. Benoit participe
activement ? la communaut? Web et tant qu?organisateur de HTML5Mtl et
Vice-pr?sident du W3Qu?bec.

QUAND: 3 juin 2015 ? 18h00 (exceptionnellement au lieu du mardi)

O?: Espace Desjardins, Complexe Desjardins de Montr?al, ? la base de la
tour Sud, pr?s du boulevard Ren?-L?vesque

INSCRIPTION: http://owasp-montreal-3-juin-2015.eventbrite.ca

PARTENAIRE D'EMPLACEMENT: Desjardins / Espace Desjardins

PARTENAIRE DE COMMUNAUT? : HTML5mtl

PROGRAMME:
18:00-18:30 Accueil et nouvelles OWASP - Jonathan Marcil
18:30-19:30 Pr?sentation JWT / JSON Web Tokens - Benoit Piette
19:30-20:00 P?riode de questions et discussions ouvertes


http://owaspmontreal.eventbrite.ca/



--


Chapter supporters

=== Platinum ==

OKIOK
https://www.okiok.com/

If you wish to become chapter supporter, please refer to our flyer:
https://www.owasp.org/images/9/91/OWASP_Membership_Flyer_Montreal.png

-

Derni?re pr?sentation "S?curit? Applicative et OWASP" disponible sur :

https://www.jonathanmarcil.ca/owasp-appsec/

-

OWASP AppSec California 2015

All recorded content from OWASP AppSec California 2015 is online!
The 39 videos are accessible from:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpr-xdpM8wG-xWNB98Q2uLN7O8E91xJzK

-

NorthSec

OWASP Montreal will be present in the sponsor area at NorthSec this
year! Come see us and say hello!

https://www.nsec.io/

-

OWASP Montreal on Twitter And YouTube

Follow us!
https://twitter.com/owaspmontreal

Subscribe!
http://www.youtube.com/user/owaspmontreal

From hw at hardwear.io  Fri May 29 07:21:38 2015
From: hw at hardwear.io (Hardwear Team)
Date: Fri, 29 May 2015 12:51:38 +0530
Subject: [ OWASP - Montreal ] hardwear.io - Hardware Security Conference
	Call for Papers
Message-ID: <CAMUeWmiY0aiXEA4stG5BHg9wU=itJc8jC0RihZkGqMGP52ktrw@mail.gmail.com>

Dear Hackers and Security Gurus,

hardwear is seeking innovative research on hardware security. If you
have done interesting research on attacks or mitigation on any
Hardware and want to showcase it to the security community, just
submit your research paper. Please find all the relevant details for
the submission below.

About hardwear.io
----------------------------
Somewhere in the mid of last year, amidst all the news and concerns
surrounding trust and backdoors in hardware equipment, Hardwear was
conceptualized to provide the IT and security community with a
platform to discuss and solve issues pertaining to hardware security.
The objective of the conference revolves around four key concerns in
hardware, firmware and related protocols i.e. backdoors, exploits,
trust and attacks (BETA).

Dates:
Training: 29th - 39th Sept 2015
Conference: 1-2nd Oct 2015

Venue:
The Hague, Netherlands

General Queries: antriksh at hardwear.io
CFP Queries:      cfp at hardwear.io


Topics
-----------
hardwear accepts papers on any topic that discusses in-depth hardware
and firmware security both from the offensive as well as defensive
perspective. Some of the topics of interest include (but not limited
to):

- Integrated Circuits
- Processors
- Internet of Things/Smart Devices
- Hardware crypto
- Embedded Systems
- Automobile, Aeroplane, train automation systems and hardware components
- Industrial Control Systems/SCADA Systems
- Satellite Systems
- Medical Devices
- Smartphone firmware, hardware
- Firmware
- Hardware pentesting
- Trusted Platform Module
- Radio communication Protocols and hardware
- Trust and assurance algorithms
- Multimedia hardware, firmware, protocols
- Telecom Hardware/Networks
- Electronic/Physical Locks

Categories
---------------------------
1. New Research (40 mins ? 1 hr) ? is a deep knowledge technical track
that includes new research, vulnerabilities, zero days or exploits.
And by new we really mean new i.e. if your research or talk has been
published/showcased before, it will fall under current research
category even though there are enhancements/changes to the original
research.

2. Current Research (30 mins ? 1 hr) ? comprises of known security
issues, new research presented/published elsewhere, case studies,
twist to an existing research, vulnerability, exploit or
research-in-progress.

3. Tool (30 mins ? 1 hr) ? Comprises of open source security tools,
exploits, hardware etc. This is an excellent opportunity for the
original authors to showcase their work to the world.

Submission Format
------------------------------
Email the paper to: cfp at hardwear.io
The subject should be: CFP EU 2015 <Paper Title>
Email Body:
Name
Handle
Talk Category (Mentioned above i.e. research/technical/tool)
Time required (including 5-10 mins of QA)
Paper Title
Country (and City) of residence
Organization and Designation
Contact Number
Have you presented or submitted this paper at any other conference(s)
or magazine(s)?
Yes, No.
If yes, where? and how this submission is different from the previous
ones. Note that new research talks already given elsewhere or are due
to be given elsewhere prior to hardwear will be considered as current
research category talks unless they consist of cutting edge and ground
breaking technology, which is at the judgment of the review committee.

Are you releasing an open source hardware(or specification)?
Yes/No.
(If yes, please include the design for review)

Are you releasing an exploit?
Yes/No.
(If yes, please include the source and vulnerability details for review)

Are you releasing a new vulnerability/Zero-day?
Yes/No.
(If yes, please send us the details, including reproduction procedure,
for review)

Why do you think your paper is different/innovative and how does it
qualify as new work/research(for new Research category only)?

Are there any live demonstrations (These earn you good points during review)?
Yes/No.
(If Yes, how many? Also please explain each demo)

Brief Profile ( less than or equal to 500 Words)

Paper Abstract ? Please provide detailed working or your
research/work. The more details you provide the better it is for the
reviewers. Please keep the abstract to the point. Please do not try to
hide the technical details or say ?I can?t disclose it till bla bla?
as it does not help the reviewers in any way and may give your paper a
low score because of insufficient information available in the
abstract.
Your high resolution photo (attached)
Note
-------------------------
Only the original authors should submit their research and any
submission from a third party will be rejected. The Abstract should
clearly mention the techniques and hacks in detail and merely
mentioning that it works will not help in understanding the research
to its full extent. Product/company marketing and pitches will be
rejected. We request you not to submit any product specific talk.

Important Dates
---------------------------
CFP Opens: 15th May 2015
CFP Closes: 1st July 2015
Final list of speakers online: 15th July 2015

Speaker Benefits
---------------------------
1. For the New Research Category
- Travel Reimbursement (Either actuals or the below mentioned amounts,
whichever is less)
  a. Speaker traveling from outside Europe (Based on actuals or Euro
1000 whichever is less)
  b. Speaker traveling from within Europe (Based on actuals or Euro
250 whichever is less)
  c. If your employer can afford (or pays for) your travel, we will
not reimburse anything from our end i.e. we will only reimburse if no
one is sponsoring your travel.
  d. Please provide the receipts/invoice of the travel along with
tickets for reimbursement.
- Complimentary Accommodation for 3 nights.
- Complimentary conference pass.
- Invitation to hardwear party.

2. For the Current Research and Tool Category
- Complimentary accommodation near the venue for 3 nights.
- Complimentary conference pass.
- Invitation to hardwear party.

* Only one speaker will be eligible for the benefits in case there are
two or more speakers for a talk.
** By submitting a paper and agreeing to talk, the speaker gives
hardwear the right to post, publish, re-distribute online and offline,
soft and/or hard copies of his/her presentation material including
slides, source code, design specifications, detailed paper and the
recorded video of the talk.

Best Regards,
Antriksh | Aseem | Murtuja
Unorganizers of hardwear

