From jinxpuppy at gmail.com  Fri Mar 30 08:37:37 2007
From: jinxpuppy at gmail.com (Da'Jinx)
Date: Fri, 30 Mar 2007 07:37:37 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-new-york] 4/17 Meeting/Speaker Update
Message-ID: <88759cdc0703300537m2745c0b8iecd7b8aa1a85e192@mail.gmail.com>

Event Updated:  https://www.owasp.org/index.php/New_Jersey

We are pleased to announce the agenda for the upcoming 4/17 event at
UBS in Jersey City. Below are the speakers, bios and topics that will
be presented!

We encourage you to continue to submit educational topics so we may
set the agenda for the next meetings. If you wish to host a location
for a meeting to increase INFOSEC awareness for your company, please
contact Vice President: Pete Perfetti.   Thank you in advance

==

Marc Maiffret, Founder/CTO & Chief Hacking Officer eEye Digital
Security As eEye Digital Security's Co-Founder/CTO and Chief Hacking
Officer, Marc Maiffret has been a driving force in the vision and
continuous innovation for eEye's product development and vulnerability
research efforts since the company's inception in 1998. Long regarded
as a security expert and thought leader in vulnerability assessment
and endpoint security, Marc Maiffret also leads the efforts of eEye's
world renowned Research Team. In addition, Mr. Maiffret speaks
regularly on the state of security across the globe, including several
appearances before Congress, where he has testified on information
policies and security threats posed to both public and private
infrastructures. Mr. Maiffret's role in vulnerability research,
education and product innovation has been reflected in the numerous
awards and distinguishments that eEye Digital Security continuously
receives.

Abstract: "It's More Than a Microsoft World." In his presentation, he
will discuss the state of security and the changing nature of threats
as he details why, Software vendors such as Microsoft, Apple,
Symantec, IBM and McAfee are increasingly plagued with critical
exploits and zero-day attacks. As the window of remediation decreases
and the attack target widens, security response teams fall short of
the finish line, leaving millions of users vulnerable. Mr. Maiffret
will explain the evolution of attack vectors and their impact on the
nature of security, the challenge facing software vendors and the
overall impact this cycle of events has on network security
professionals today.

-- 

Tom Brennan - OWASP NJ President/AccessIT Group Risk Practive Manager
- AccessIT. Tom Brennan specializes in providing business risk
assessments and penetration testing of critical IT infrastructures.
His technical focus includes web application, VOIP and Wireless. Tom's
assessment methodology is based on the National Security Agency
INFOSEC Assessment Methodology and the Open Source Security Testing
Methodology Manual (OSSTMM). Tom is has been featured on NYC Channel
5, Channel 7 as a subject matter security expert

Abstract: OWASP Version 2 Testing Guide This talk will discuss the
co-authored release of the new OWASP Testing Guide that open-source
goal was to create a "best practices" penetration testing framework
which users can implement in their own organizations and a "low level"
penetration testing guide that describes how to find certain issues.
Get Your Free Copy Tom will also discuss the OWASP chapter goals for
2007 and results of the 2007 member survey.

-- 

Speaker Jeremiah Grossman, Founder/CTO - White Hat Mr. Grossman
founded WhiteHat Security in 2001. Prior to WhiteHat, Mr. Grossman was
an information security officer at Yahoo! responsible for performing
security reviews on the company's hundreds of web applications. As one
of the world's busiest web properties, with over 17,000 web servers
for customer access and 600 web applications, the highest level of
security was required. Before Yahoo!, Mr. Grossman worked for Amgen,
Inc.

Abstract: "HACKING INTRANET WEBSITES FROM THE OUTSIDE" This hour-long
presentation will feature Jeremiah Grossman, WhiteHat Security Founder
and CTO. Mr. Grossman will demonstrate: How a user is first infected
or attacked using a malicious Web page or Cross-Site Scripting
vulnerability; How a Web browser can be completely controlled or
monitored remotely. How a Web browser can be used as a stepping stone
to perform network reconnaissance on internal networks; and, How to
exploit internal machines using a compromised Web browser

From jinxpuppy at gmail.com  Fri Mar 30 17:57:14 2007
From: jinxpuppy at gmail.com (Da'Jinx)
Date: Fri, 30 Mar 2007 16:57:14 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-new-york] NY/NJ Chapter MERGE
Message-ID: <88759cdc0703301457g38b5d749we0c6b06ebda3c6aa@mail.gmail.com>

I am pleased to announce to the memberships of both NY and NJ OWASP
chapters that the NJ and NYC OWASP chapters have consolidated our
efforts to form the NY/NJ METRO OWASP Chapter.

Until further notice, we will continue to utilize the web page of:

http://www.owasp.org/index.php/New_Jersey

for the new chapter until we have had a chance to update the wiki and
merge the mailing lists etc...  (after the next meeting)

We hope that you can join us at the next meeting not only do we have
great content and speakers but we plan to update you concerning the
special development projects going on and other news!

Stay Tuned....  hope to see you at UBS on 4/17 !

NY/NJ OWASP Metro Chapter Leaders
------------------------------------------------------
President: Tom Brennan
Vice President: Pete Perfetti
Treasurer: Brian Peister
Membership Chair: Steve Antoniewicz
PR Chair: Peter Stern
Communications: Kevin Reiter
Project Chair: Tom Ryan
Board Member/Projects: Osama Eljabiri
Board Member/Programs: Mahi Dontamsetti

