From dd at securityaim.com  Wed Jun  4 03:10:26 2014
From: dd at securityaim.com (Dmitry Dessiatnikov)
Date: Tue, 03 Jun 2014 21:10:26 -0600
Subject: [Owasp-salt_lake] June Salt Lake OWASP Chapter Meeting in
	Conjunction with UtahSec
Message-ID: <CFB3E852.2E82%dd@securityaim.com>

Salt Lake OWASP,

Don?t forget this week for our monthly meeting we will hear from John
Overbaugh and Aaron Willis at the SecurityMetrics Office Building down in
Orem. The presentation summaries, bios, time and location are below:

Date:
June 5th, 2014

Time:
6 - 8 pm


Meeting location:
SecurityMetrics Office Building
Basement Meeting Room
1275 West, 1600 North, Orem Utah


Agenda:


Introductions/Announcements: Dmitry Dessiatnikov

Presenter #1: John Overbaugh
            Topic: Achievable Security: Building Security into the
Development Lifecycle
            Summary:   You simply cannot test security into your web
applications; it must be part and parcel to the development effort. Sadly,
few teams approach with a complete ?security first? perspective. The good
news is, it isn?t much more costly to build secure applications as it is to
build insecure applications; it just takes tools, skills, and a little
process. This presentation examines these tools, skills, and processes
necessary for building increasingly secure code ? even in Agile
environments. 
            Bio:   John Overbaugh is managing director of security services
at Caliber Security Partners. He has nearly 20 years of experience building
robust, secure software ? from consumer desktop applications to enterprise
web applications and everything in between. He is a CISSP, GWAPT, GSLC and
GCIH and has training and expertise in mobile security. John has been
leading secure development efforts since 1999, when he led the first
application after Windows to undergo the ?Secure Windows Initiative? at
Microsoft. He is a frequent presenter and a passionate technology geek.
 
Presenter #2: Aaron Willis
Topic: Unconventional Defense Against WebScraping and Data Theft Attacks
  Summary:   Website data can be a valuable asset for a business and data
thieves are relentless in their efforts to harvest data for their own
personal use or for resale.  Many times this is not an issue when the
proliferation of the data is in the best interest of the business, but for
others it is critical to protect data from being harvested by or sold to
competitors.   This presentation examines methods, techniques and case
studies for protecting website data from automated web scraping attacks.
Bio:   Aaron Willis is a Senior Forensic Analyst at SecurityMetrics.   He is
also the owner of ScrapeGoat, Inc.,  a local data analytics and web scraping
company.  He has over 15 years of experience in web scraping and anti-web
scraping methods and technologies. Aaron has also taught Information
Security and Forensic classes at Utah Valley University for over 5 years.
He graduated from UVU with a bachelor of science in Information Technology
and will finish a masters program in Digital Forensics this summer.   He has
been with SecurityMetrics almost 4 years and has completed over 50
investigations. 

See you Thursday,

Dmitry
---------------------
Dmitry Dessiatnikov
Security Aim
Toll free: 1-800-385-1AIM (800-385-1246)
@SecurityAim | www.securityaim.com




-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-salt_lake/attachments/20140603/7e1dbce5/attachment.html>

