From antonio.fontes at owasp.org  Tue Jul 10 13:49:58 2012
From: antonio.fontes at owasp.org (Antonio Fontes)
Date: Tue, 10 Jul 2012 15:49:58 +0200
Subject: [OWASP-Geneva] Fwd: [OWASP-Switzerland] Hays - Security Job
	Opportunity
In-Reply-To: <12F19B5D1D6B614CBA6798C45A95768D29706CE2@SPOONER.ascena.net>
References: <12F19B5D1D6B614CBA6798C45A95768D29706CE2@SPOONER.ascena.net>
Message-ID: <4FFC3306.5090209@owasp.org>


Abonn?s,

Une offre d'emploi pour un poste d'expert en s?curit? logicielle a ?t?
d?pos?e sur la liste OWASP suisse.

Cordialement,
Antonio Fontes
OWASP Gen?ve



-------- Original Message --------
Subject: 	[OWASP-Switzerland] Hays - Security Job Opportunity
Date: 	Tue, 10 Jul 2012 13:33:59 +0000
From: 	Olivier Ouhioun <olivier.ouhioun at hays.ch>


Dear Owasp Member,


I am an IT recruitment consultant working for Hays in Geneva & I wanted
to share with you a new open position that just arises at one of my best
client.

This industrial international company based in Lausanne is looking for a
Software Security Expert.

If you could be interested in, feel free to contact me back
Also, I would kindly ask you to send me your updated cv and as soon as I
will receive it, I will call you to discuss this further



The Software Security Expert will help the organization define, adopt
and implement key software security practices throughout the development
lifecycle of the solution.

S/he will drive and support the implementation of these practices and
will provide software security expertise in a variety of areas within
the development lifecycle.

S/he will also help the organization raise security-related skills and
awareness among staff.


*Main responsibilities and activities: *

Work with engineering management and teams to define, implement, support
and measure software security best practices within the organization.
Areas of activity include:

? Strategy & Metrics / Policy & Compliance / Training, Awareness &
Guidance / Attack Models & Threat Assessment / Security Requirements /
Secure Architecture / Security Standards / Architecture & Design
Analysis / Code Review / Security Testing / Penetration Testing /
Vulnerability Management / Environment Hardening and Operational
Enablement.

2. Work together with software engineering and operations teams to
define and manage the scope of security, which will include, at a
minimum, software code, web applications, databases, network elements,
hardware, application servers, web servers, routers, firewalls & proxies
and any other components that make up the solution.

3. Work with various engineering teams to define the security policies,
standards and guidelines that will be adopted and adhered to within the
solution software development lifecycle.

4. Provide support and assistance to software engineering teams and
project teams to implement the adopted security policies, standards and
guidelines.

5. Perform security risk analysis (including attack modeling) to better
understand the security posture of the solution.

6. Provide advice concerning security requirements and compliance that
is required by customers and projects.

7. Perform design analysis to identify weaknesses or risk areas. Provide
advice on system architecture & design to increase the overall level of
security. Help to identify, evaluate and propose state of the art
security technologies which can be used by or be incorporated into our
security solutions.

8. Perform code review and static code analysis to uncover security
vulnerabilities; follow their resolution by the project teams.

9. Test the management, operational, and technical security controls and
identify vulnerabilities using established industry standards and
practices (e.g. ISO security standards, NIST, etc)

10. Perform technical vulnerability assessments, network/hosts scans,
and penetration tests in order to test the effectiveness of security
controls of software, information systems, infrastructure, networks,
hosts, practices, and operations

11. Work with operations team to assure they can deliver the solution
with optimal security, by making sure they are provided with the
necessary tools and documentation and that the operational constraints
and specificities are taken into account while developing the solution.

12. Take part in vulnerability management, including assuring that all
off-the-shelve software and libraries (e.g. Oracle, JBoss, Spring) are
used within security compliance (e.g. ensuring critical security
upgrades are provided to and managed by operations team)

13. Define a list of network and software security tools (e.g. automated
sourced code scanner, network sniffers, network simulators, etc) that
will be adopted and used for security assessment, validation and
testing. Assist in the implementation of these tools and training of
resources to operate these tools.



*Desired Skills & Experience*

? Preferably a Master degree in a technical field, or alternatively, a
Bachelor?s degree with extensive and relevant experience

? Extensive experience in information system security and software
security practices, particularly working experience in a industry that
adopts and uses comprehensive security requirements (e.g. banking
industry, defence, etc)

? Extensive experience in software development, especially using Java

? Experience conducting software security audits would be a plus

? Desirable that the experience is gained in a medium size company (e.g.
at least 50 software engineers and programmers)

? Possess some background on software development in a
multi-disciplinary (Electronics, Mechanics) and real-time environment

? 10 or more years of industry experience; at least 5 years or more as
an information or software security engineer

? Ability to work on, navigate and lead programs and initiatives within
a matrix organization

? Ability to work in multi-national, distributed teams, and where
partition of tasks may spread across several geographical entities

Very helpful if from a service and solutions industry, and where system
engineering is required



*Computer skills: *

? The candidate is expected to have good practitioner knowledge of the
J2EE platform including novelties from Java 5 such as Generics.

? The candidate is expected to have strong practitioner knowledge of
software security assurance best practices, such as OpenSAMM and/or BSIMM.

? Practitioner knowledge of any of the following ISO27k security
standards would be a plus.



*Personal qualities required / abilities: *

? Strong sense of fulfilling timelines, deliverables, quality of product
and service.

? Strong analytical skills; very organized in thought and methodology.

? Good communication skills, both oral and written.

? Good political finesse in facing very demanding customers. Diplomatic
when necessary.

? Can handle the responsibility and stress associated with large projects.

? Willing to travel

? Fluent in English



*At a glance :*
Position : Software Security Expert
Location: Lausanne, Switzerland
Contract type: Full time, permanent position
Salary: Following skills and experience + benefits / advantages / bonus
(around 125 000 chf approximately for the fixe part)
Start date: Asap or to be discussed.

Many thanks for your answer,
Best regards
Olivier





*Olivier Ouhioun*

Senior Consultant Permanent



*HAYS*Recruiting experts worldwide



Hays (Suisse) S.A.

Rue Kl?berg 6

1201 Gen?ve



T: + 41 22 901 62 12

F: + 41 22 901 62 99

E: olivier.ouhioun at hays.ch



*hays.ch*



Hays (Switzerland) Ltd

Directors: Dirk Hahn, Marc Lutz

Supervisory Board: Klaus Breitschopf

Registered Office: Z?rich


From antonio.fontes at owasp.org  Tue Jul 10 14:04:21 2012
From: antonio.fontes at owasp.org (Antonio Fontes)
Date: Tue, 10 Jul 2012 16:04:21 +0200
Subject: [OWASP-Geneva] =?iso-8859-1?q?Offre_d=27emploi_publi=E9e_pr=E9c?=
	=?iso-8859-1?q?=E9demment?=
Message-ID: <4FFC3665.2080902@owasp.org>


Abonn?s,

J'ai un peu trop rapidement fait suivre le pr?c?dent message "Hays -
Security Job Opportunity" sur la liste Gen?ve, pensant qu'il avait ?t?
pr?alablement approuv? par le team OWASP Suisse. Il s'agit d'une erreur
et je vous prie de bien vouloir m'en excuser.

Pour rappel, les entreprises d?sireuses de recruter dans le domaine de
la s?curit? logicielle sont les bienvenues pour communiquer leur
recherche via cette liste *apr?s approbation par l'un des mod?rateurs de
la liste* (sven.vetsch at owasp.org ou moi-m?me)*.

Le relais par les cabinets de recrutement (ou tout autre appellation
d?crivant une activit? similaire) n'est, toutefois, pas autoris?.

Cordialement,

Antonio Fontes
OWASP Switzerland, board member
OWASP Geneva, chapter leader
  skype: antonio.fontes

