From tony.turner at owasp.org  Thu Oct 13 15:50:00 2011
From: tony.turner at owasp.org (Tony Turner)
Date: Thu, 13 Oct 2011 15:50:00 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-jacksonville] OWASP Orlando Inaugural Meeting
Message-ID: <CAFm0_mxrizFS2ZmsDd99mufV6E9LNzmyAKtWqiGSU4KnGeeE_Q@mail.gmail.com>

I'm sending this out to all of the Florida OWASP lists I'm aware of so for
those of you already on the Orlando list I apologize for the spam. If you
know anyone that might be interested please feel free to forward this to
them.

We will be holding our first meeting on October 19 for an informal gathering
of those interested in the OWASP mission. This is a chance to get to know
the other members of the chapter and engage in the initial dialogue that
will drive the direction of the group. We want to know what kinds of
technologies you use or are interested in learning about, the challenges you
are facing in your daily work and get a sense for the types of content you
want to see at future meetings. I will bring some copies of various OWASP
guides and possibly some other OWASP shwag to this initial meeting. We will
be covering the OWASP mission, culture, and a high level view of some of the
OWASP projects. The format for this meeting will largely be discussion
oriented. Future meetings will be more content-driven in a more structured
environment.

This is not currently a sponsored event, but we do have interested parties
asking about sponsorship opportunities so this may change for future events.
Again, you will be responsible for your own food and drink purchases. If you
plan on attending, please RSVP as I have only made reservations for 10 and
will need to modify them if we expect more than that. We look forward to
seeing you there!

   - Meeting Date: October 19, 2011 6:30 PM til whenever
   - Meeting Location: Seasons 52 in Orlando, FL at 7700 W Sand Lake Rd.
   - Google maps link: http://goo.gl/PVxrU
   - Restaurant: http://www.seasons52.com/


--
Tony Turner
OWASP Orlando Chapter Leader
tony.turner at owasp.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-jacksonville/attachments/20111013/c2c405d8/attachment.html 

