From ruiper at wavefrontcg.com  Tue Jul  5 16:55:12 2016
From: ruiper at wavefrontcg.com (ruiper at wavefrontcg.com)
Date: Tue, 5 Jul 2016 09:55:12 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] Secure Web Application Development and Testing -
	Hands-On Training (Vancouver, September 20 - 23, 2016)
Message-ID: <037b01d1d6dd$ff8185d0$fe849170$@wavefrontcg.com>

 

Hello, and pardon this brief intrusion into your mailbox...

 

 

We have scheduled the next offering of this four-day course for September 20
- 23 (Tuesday-Friday) in downtown Vancouver BC.

 

This course aims to provide Web application developers and testers (QA/QC)
with an understanding of application security issues and attack vectors, and
the skills, tools and techniques needed to code defensively against web
attacks. The course covers tools and techniques for testing web application
security. Given the nature of threats from hackers, script kiddies,
cyber-criminals, industrial spies and nation-state agents, having web
applications that can take the punishment without barfing up sensitive
information is critical. If your web applications collect personal, private,
sensitive, medical or financial information, you have legal and contractual
obligations (such as privacy legislation, PCI DSS, CSOX, etc.), to ensure
that such information is collected and managed securely.

 

If your organization has to meet Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards, then
this training is a requirement for compliance. It has been approved by
several QSA's as meeting the PCI requirements. 

 

This course is aimed at developers; testers/QA staff; system, network,
database and application architects; system analysts; system, network and
database administrators; auditors; and security, privacy and compliance
staff.   

 

The course is updated each year to bring it up-to-date with new technologies
and attack vectors. This is the 12'th year we have run this course, and it
has been well attended each time.

 

A course outline is available at
http://www.wavefrontcg.com/IntroWebAppSec_2016.pdf.

 

Our other training offerings are listed at
http://www.wavefrontcg.com/Training.html.   

 

If you are interested in attending please contact us for a registration
form.     

 

If you no longer wish to receive e-mails of this type from us, please reply
with the word REMOVE in the subject header.

 

 

Thank You 

 

Rui Pereira, B.Sc.(Hons), CISSP, CISA, CPTE/CPTC

Principal Consultant

WaveFront Consulting Group

Certified Information Systems Security Professionals

 

 <mailto:ruiper at wavefrontcg.com> ruiper at wavefrontcg.com |
<http://www.wavefrontcg.com> www.wavefrontcg.com | 1 604 961-0701 

 

This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.

Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail in error and delete this e-mail from your system. If you are not the
intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing
or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is
strictly prohibited.

  _____  


