From fabio.e.cerullo at aib.ie  Wed Jan 26 10:39:22 2011
From: fabio.e.cerullo at aib.ie (fabio.e.cerullo at aib.ie)
Date: Wed, 26 Jan 2011 15:39:22 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-ireland] MSc in Computing in Information Security & Digital
	Forensics
Message-ID: <OFD411F8D7.7EA775D2-ON80257824.0055E8B6-80257824.005601BF@ad.aib.pri>

The BN518 MSc in Computing degree is now open for enrolment with a start 
date of February 2011. The course fee for the complete course is only 
?3000.

The modes of delivery are full-time over three semesters or part-time over 
four semesters. 

In full-time mode, three modules are completed during each of the first 
two semesters and the research project is completed in the third semester. 


In part-time mode, two modules are delivered each semester (two evenings a 
week) over first three semesters with the final fourth semester reserved 
for the research project. The current timetable is for Tuesday and 
Wednesday, 6pm to 10pm. Module exams are held in January and May.

The minimum entry requirements for standard entrants are a 2nd Class 
Honours Grade 2: GPA 2.5, or equivalent, in an honours Bachelor of Science 
in Computing (or equivalent).

For further information, contact the course coordinator, 
Anthony.Keane at itb.ie

Thanks,

Fabio Cerullo

This document is strictly confidential and is intended for use by the addressee unless otherwise indicated. Allied Irish Banks, 
AIB and AIB Group are registered business names of Allied Irish Banks p.l.c. Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.  Registered Office: Bankcentre, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4. Tel: + 353 1 6600311; Registered in Ireland: Registered No. 24173.
~~~~~~~Please consider the environment before printing this Email~~~~~~~~
This email has been scanned by an external Email Security System.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-ireland/attachments/20110126/ef9dc49a/attachment.html 

From me at matthewhughes.co.uk  Mon Jan 31 12:41:38 2011
From: me at matthewhughes.co.uk (Matthew Hughes)
Date: Mon, 31 Jan 2011 17:41:38 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-ireland] (no subject)
Message-ID: <1296495698.13685.14.camel@matthew-TravelMate-5730>

Hey gents, 

Just thought I'd let you know that over in England, we're having our own
little infosec meetup. It's not one to be missed, so I thought I'd send
out an invite. If you can make it, I'd be chuffed. If not, maybe another
time.

You can join the Facebook group at
http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=157552117626886#!/event.php?eid=157552117626886 

It's at the Novotel Newcastle Airport, which has daily direct flights
from Dublin airport. Also, if you need somewhere to crash, I have plenty
of floorspace. Already, my house has got a bunch of Scottish hackers
crashing on the living room floor, much to the disdain of my
housemates! 

Hope to see you there. If not, I'll be at Appsec Ireland this year,
provided that no Icelandic volcanoes blow up. 

Matt

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


What is ToonCON?

ToonCON is a monthly meeting and yearly conference in
Newcastle-upon-Tyne of people with an interest in information security,
these people include security professionals, students and hobbyists. We
attempt to meet once a month at a local venue in the heart of Newcastle
city center to discuss information security, drink b33r and have a good
time. Our chosen venue will have free WLAN access, be quiet enough to
have a decent conversation, have wheelchair access and be safe enough to
leave your new gadgets and laptops on the table.

Next meeting

February Friday 4th @ Novotel Hotel in Newcastle. Event cost will be ?5
on the door, you will need to reserve a ticket.
http://tooncon.eventbrite.com We are also looking for sponsors and
speakers, please email me(a)matthewhughes.co.uk for further information.

Speakers

On the 4th of February, hackers (some of whom have travelled from as far
as Scotland, Austria and Switzerland) will descend on the Novotel
Newcastle Airport in order to network and listen to talks by some of the
brightest, funniest, most charismatic guys in the industry, and myself.

Unfortunately, we've got to charge a fairly nominal entrance fee. We
wish we didn't have to do this, but we have to pay for the travel
expenses of speakers, and also pay for the conference room hire. We
don't have massive financial backers, and all of this has came out of my
back pocket. Entrance will cost ?5, and in return, w're trying to secure
gift bags to give to visitors and some fantastic talks from some pretty
damn smart guys. It offers real value for money, when you consider that
the price of a ticket to a larger conference can range from between ?100
to ?500.

After the conference, there will be opportunity for networking in the
hotel bar with the various infosec luminaries in attendance.

The speakers are as follows:

Matthew Hughes - Dissecting the Gawker Hack - A Cautionary Tale of Web
Application Security and PR Breakdown

In December 2010, the large 'New Media' gossip site Gawker was hacked by
the mysterious hacker group 'Gnosis', causing the leakage of their
entire codebase and the usernames and passwords of hundreds of thousands
of users. This insightful talk will explore in great detail what lead to
the hack taking place, its ramifications on Gawker Media and its
userbase, and will argue that the first line of cyber defence should
always be good business ethics and effective public relations. It will
also explore the idea of attacks on a userbase not being limited to the
individual software product attacked.

Thomas Mackenzie - Obfuscation methods and planning

When testing a clients network or web application it is important that
the client knows exactly what their problem is in regards the security
of that service / product. In some cases there maybe an SQLi or an XSS
or even and buffer overflow vector. However a security issue that people
may not take into consideration is whether or not they are aware of an
attack taking place in the first place. The log management or the
"seeing eye" of the administrator needs to be tested too.

This is where Obfuscation methods and planning comes into consideration.
Based upon an ongoing University project, I am going to outlining my
test environment and talk about research already founded within my
study.

The talk is to be seen as a preliminary talk for a much larger and
edifying talk that will be given in the future at another event - this
is just to share a bit of information on the project so far.

Arron 'finux' Finnon - DNS Tunnelling, Its all in the name!

In September 2000 a post came across the Slashdot website informing its
readers of an interesting use of DNS tunnelling for breaking out of
locked down networks. It utilises that most networks regards less of
their firewall, Access Controls, would allow DNS look ups. Researchers
found with crafted packets that they could in fact establish
bi-direction IP traffic, they delivered a protocol named NSTX.

However this concept became more widely established when the respected
DNS security researcher Dan Kaminsky, released his Ozyman tool at
Blackhat in 2005, Kaminsky who in 2010 became one of ICANN's Trusted
Community Representatives for the DNSSEC root certificate, has an
unparallelled reputation when it comes to DNS security and it
insecurities. Needless to say this release caught the attention of many
security researchers, however worrying nearly 11 years after the
discovery and 6 years since Kaminsky's Ozyman tool release, this
vulnerability still lives on in a number of networks.

All though DNS tunnelling could be seen as way to obtain free Internet
on captive portals, it is also an effective tool in data theft. However
it is hard to imagine the limitations when this is mixed with
shellcode's. DNS tunnelling could be used to reverse connect a shellcode
from target to attacker, the tunnel's effectiveness of traversing NAT
makes it a worthy deployment.

The presentations aim is to talk about how simple it is to deploy DNS
Tunnelling infrastructure at little or no cost. In addition to showing
that this can be deployed from resources available on the world wide
wed.

The presentations aim is to show how to establish a ssh connection from
target to attacker, and act as a taster for peoples further research. 


Another talk yet to be announced... Stay tuned for updates. 


