From Brian.Honan at bhconsulting.ie  Tue May  8 16:07:31 2012
From: Brian.Honan at bhconsulting.ie (Brian Honan)
Date: Tue, 8 May 2012 16:07:31 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-ireland] IRISSCERT Brush Up Your Security Campaign
Message-ID: <39E1BF49F02CD5418E7091C87E25F666019AE0@DB3PRD0702MB130.eurprd07.prod.outlook.com>

Hi

IRISSCERT www.iriss.ie is running a security campaign called "Brush Up Your Security" aimed at promoting good password hygiene and management amongst second and third level students.  The campaign consists of using the toothbrush as a reminder to people to treat their passwords like they would their toothbrush- choose it wisely, use it regularly, change it often and never share it with anyone.  

The campaign consists of
- Distributing 20,000 toothbrushes with leaflets to schools and colleges to get the message directly to the students
- Distributing posters for use in schools, colleges and clubs
- A FaceBook campaign to promote the message further.  There is also a change to win a netbook for those that fill out our survey on password usage on that page at https://www.facebook.com/SmileIreland
- Radio Ads and other promotions via media

The above is being organised by volunteers from IRISSCERT and the Institute of Technology in Blanchardstown.

If any members would like us to include a local school or college in the campaign please feel free to contact us.  

We appreciate if people also could spread the word amongst those they know about the campaign and in particular our FaceBook page https://www.facebook.com/SmileIreland where they can get more information.

Thanks

Brian



Brian Honan
BH Consulting
Helping You Piece IT Together
T:  +353-1-4404065
M:  +353-868114066
E:  brian.honan at bhconsulting.ie
W:  http://www.bhconsulting.ie
B:  http://www.bhconsulting.ie/securitywatch
S:  bhonan
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/brianhonan

This message is for the named person's use only. If you received this message in error, please immediately delete it and all copies and notify the sender. You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute, print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient. Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender and not of BH Consulting.
BH Consulting is a registered trade name for BH IT Consulting Limited, Company Registration Number: 393479 with registered offices at Suite B011, The LINC Centre, Blanchardstown Road North, Dublin 15. 

From ryandewhurst at gmail.com  Sun May 20 12:20:24 2012
From: ryandewhurst at gmail.com (Ryan Dewhurst)
Date: Sun, 20 May 2012 13:20:24 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-ireland] =?windows-1252?q?DevBug_=96_PHP_Static_Code_Analy?=
	=?windows-1252?q?sis?=
Message-ID: <CAHw3cgQdTAcNN15a5uRj0qBrAOXL39Ah+j6P_VmfmvdxNNsjGQ@mail.gmail.com>

My final year university dissertation was on the topic of Static Code
Analysis, specifically the integration of IDEs (Integrated Development
Environments) with Static Code Analysis. The idea was to make Static
Code Analysis accesible to the developer, without them having to
istall and use additional specialist Static Code Analysis software.

Due to my familiarity with PHP and its lack of interpreter taint
analysis I decided that I would write a PHP Static Code Analysis
application. The PHP Static Code Analysis tool I developed is called
DevBug, it is an online PHP Static Code Analysis tool written mostly
in JavaScript (jQuery). The Static Code Analysis engine uses the
sources, securing functions and sinks data from the awesome RIPS
Static Code Analysis tool to identify specific PHP functions that can
cause or remediate user input caused vulnerabilities. DevBug uses
Taint Analysis to identify tainted variables, follows the tainted
variables through the code, untaints the variables if they are secured
and finally detects whether or not tainted variables end up in in
sensitive sinks.

The IDE used is called CodeMirror that provides a code editing area,
syntax highlighting, line numbering and an API. CodeMirror was
slightly modified to detect deprecated PHP functions and highlight
them.


DevBug has some known bugs and limitations at present which I will
address in the near future. For now it is still useful as a quick and
easy place to run some PHP functions or pages through to check for
potential issues. As far as I know DevBug is the only free online PHP
Static Code Analysis tool available.

The Taint Analysis takes part in the browser with JavaScript after the
PHP source code has been tokenized by the server. This was my first
real JavaScript related project so the code may not be as good as it
could be, for this reason, I may make the project open source in
future so that it can be improved upon and users benefit from the
knowledge of the open source community.

I?m still interested in bug reports or feature requests, DevBug can be
found here:

http://www.devbug.co.uk

