From eoin.keary at owasp.org  Sun May 31 21:08:39 2015
From: eoin.keary at owasp.org (Eoin Keary)
Date: Sun, 31 May 2015 22:08:39 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-ireland] Job opening
Message-ID: <46BBC06F-0B65-4BE1-9980-B98624642218@owasp.org>

Hi chapter, A job opening is available as follows:

If you want to work with a global leader in vulnerability management coupled with a very strong professional services consulting business read on....

Senior Security Consultant Role 

Responsibilities:

We are looking for an Senior Security Consultant with experience/background in web application security,network and mobile security assessment.

Experience with development or code and scripts would also be an advantage.

The successful candidate will provide security assessments, advice and workshops in the support of improving our client?s software applications and systems security.

You shall also be involved in the development / brainstorm and roadmap of the edgescan vulnerability management solution.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for providing technical expertise on secure software development and network security where required.
Provide consulting services and security support to some of the largest names in finance, energy and more.
Review, develop, test, and implement security plans, products, and control techniques.
Evaluate new and proposed security systems, products, and technologies.
Assist with the development of the edgescan vulnerability management platform and set future technical direction.
Required:

5+ years? experience in the IT Industry
Penetration testing of both network and applications
Mobile/Tablet security experience
Desire to push boundaries in the realm of appsec.
Desirable:

Development skills
Knowledge of OWASP guidelines
Security certifications
Package:

Very attractive for right candidate
Phone
Training
Health cover
Pension
Bonus
Email rahim at bccriskadvisory.com if interested !!


Eoin Keary
BCC Risk Advisory - edgescan CTO
Gartner "notable vendor" MSSP MQ


-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-ireland/attachments/20150531/1f006746/attachment.html>

