From recruiter at williamlandry.com  Fri Aug 14 12:46:09 2009
From: recruiter at williamlandry.com (Bill Landry)
Date: Fri, 14 Aug 2009 11:46:09 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-tampa] Security Job Opportunity in Chicago
Message-ID: <7.0.1.0.2.20090814114550.039ff050@williamlandry.com>

Hello All,

My name is Bill Landry and I am recruiting for a company here in 
Chicago that is looking to fill a senior level enterprise security 
engineer/architect.  The position requires a strong foundation with 
networking , security and recent hands on technical 
experience.  Experience implementing the ArcSight products is a big 
plus.  If you have any questions or would like to discuss this 
position you can email me at recruiter at williamlandry.com or call 
630-963-1557.  The position description is below.

Thanks,
Bill.

Senior Enterprise Security Engineer/Architect
This is a full-time permanent position  located in Chicago, IL

Basic Function:

This position co-leads development of the enterprise security 
Services for large-scale infrastructure solutions (systems and/or 
networks as well). Designing, implementing, and continuous updating 
to security consulting process in support of enterprise information 
security policies & standards. Provides Solutions to resolve gaps in 
security; provides architecture and infrastructure guidance for 
applications, operating systems and networks. Apply expertise in 
developing conceptual, logical, and technical security architecture 
artifacts, knowledge of a variety of hardware and software security 
capabilities and features, and an ability to resolve security and 
non-security requirement conflicts.

Job Requirements:
1)  4+ years hands-on experience in technical security control 
architecture, design, information security solution engineering, 
security technology implementation, and security service delivery role
2)  4+ years experience in security engineering, including security 
testing and evaluation, requirements, logical and physical 
architecture design;
3)  Knowledge of service-oriented architecture concepts;
4)  In-depth expertise of Security Event Management solutions from 
the requirements/design to implementation phases of the development;
5)  Ability to collaborate with team leads, clients, engineers, and 
developers to appropriately translate functional needs into technical 
security requirements;
6)  In depth hands-on experience in complex enterprise architectures 
lock downs;
7)  knowledge of the Inner workings and security aspects of variety 
of Application Servers, Web Servers, Media/Content Servers, Messaging 
Servers, Database Servers, Integration Servers, etc.;
8)  Effective oral and written communication skills;
9)  Technical writing, documentation development, process mapping, 
and visual communication skills;

Experienced with as much of the following as possible-

Development languages: C, C++, C#, Java, UML, XML, XSLT, applied in 
Object Oriented (OO) n-tier application development environment;

Application frameworks and their built-in security services & API's: 
J2EE, Web Sphere, COM+, .NET, or others;

General application security API's and protocols: GSS-API, MS 
CryptoAPI, PAM, Kerberos, DCE Security Service, SSL/TLS, SAML, 
S/MIME, PKCS API's, or others;

Application authentication & authorization systems: Netegrity 
SiteMinder, RSA ClearTrust, Entrust GetAccess, Oblix NetPoint, or others;

Built-in security functions and services of application 
infrastructure components: Oracle, DB2/UDB, MS IIS, MS BizTalk 
Server, MS Integration Server, IBM WebSphere, iPlanet Directory, MS 
Active Directory, SAP R/3, Vitria BusinessWare, IBM MQSeries, MSMQ, 
MS Exchange, BEA WebLogic, or others;

Embedded Operating Systems security controls including Windows XP, 
Windows 2003, AIX, Solaris, Z/OS, AS/400, and others.


Big Plusses-

Expertise with systems and solutions based on ArcSight line of products,
Experience in managed health care, insurance industry or within 
financial services industry (Insurance, Banking, Investments).

For further information please contact Bill Landry at 
recruiter at williamlandry.com or 630-963-1557 
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-tampa/attachments/20090814/497d4bd9/attachment.html 

From justin.morehouse at gmail.com  Mon Aug 17 21:53:08 2009
From: justin.morehouse at gmail.com (Justin Morehouse)
Date: Mon, 17 Aug 2009 21:53:08 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-tampa] OWASP Tampa Chapter - 2009-Q3 Meeting Details
Message-ID: <4c4fe6bf0908171853s51898c68pde097045c2f6fe99@mail.gmail.com>

Our next quarterly meeting will be held on Wednesday, September 9 from 6PM
to 8PM at the Kforce building in Ybor. Wes Brown of IOActive will be
presenting "So You Want To Analyze Malware?"

"*Malware is a broad category of ?malicious? software that covers trojans,
viruses, worms, rootkits, and other software that steals information or
subverts computers into unintended purposes. There are many reasons why one
would want to analyze malware, and they can range from professional interest
in defending networks from them, to personal fascination in the techniques
involved in crafting them.*

*Whatever one?s reason for analyzing malware, Wes will share many of the
techniques that he?s utilized in the course of his career working on client
incident response engagements as well as a full time analyst on a heuristic
detection product.*

*Many might think that the techniques are dominated by methods such as
reverse engineering and binary analysis, and indeed it is a major part of
any analyst?s toolkit. However, statistical analysis, and static forensics
can often play just as key a role, combined with scripting, systems
management, and data warehousing.*

*Wes will describe and show examples of such techniques, as well as
supporting tools. The emphasis will be on doing this with low cost or free
tools, so that an audience member can get up and running quickly with
malware analysis even on a shoestring budget."*

For more information, visit the Tampa chapter
athttps://www.owasp.org/index.php/Tampa



Please RSVP to me by Monday, September 7 so that you can be added to the
security list.

A reminder that CISSPs can earn 1 CPE credit for every hour of attendance at
OWASP meetings.

Thanks and see you there,
Justin
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-tampa/attachments/20090817/93a59ad8/attachment.html 

