From justin.morehouse at gmail.com  Thu Jun 24 09:14:30 2010
From: justin.morehouse at gmail.com (Justin Morehouse)
Date: Thu, 24 Jun 2010 09:14:30 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-tampa] OWASP Tampa Chapter 2010-Q2 Meeting
Message-ID: <AANLkTiksKqCnShY5id7m3U5CpwD2XxmnR2BqYIknL-5N@mail.gmail.com>

Our 2010-Q2 meeting will be on a Wednesday, June 30, from 6pm to 8pm. Tony
Flick and I will be presenting our 2010 ShmooCon talk, "Stealing
Guests...The VMware Way."

*During this talk, we'll reveal how to steal VMware guests from within other
guests using the vulnerability we identified in CVE-2009-3733. Quick and
dirty... we'll discuss how we stumbled upon the vulnerability, determined
its capabilities, and its potential implications to
virtualization...complete with a live demonstration. Bring your own notebook
for hands-on goodness.*

We'll also be previewing our DEF CON 18 talk, "Getting Social with the Smart
Grid."

*Littered with endless threats and vulnerabilities surrounding both social
networking and the Smart Grid, the marriage of these two technologies is
official, despite protests by the security community. Consumers love it
because they can brag to their friends about how green they are. Businesses
love it more because it provides fresh material for their marketing
departments. Hackers love it the most because it opens up attack vectors,
both new and old.*

*During this presentation we dissect readily available social Smart Devices,
examining where they get things right, and where they fail. We expand on the
failures, discussing and demonstrating attacks against consumers (think
PleaseRobMe.com), the Smart Devices themselves, and the social networking
sites they communicate with. We want consumers, device manufactures, and
social networking sites to understand how to get social with the Smart Grid
securely, and prevent social networking privacy from becoming even more
complex. The tools we release during this presentation will allow consumers
to review their Smart Devices' social footprint, and provide device
manufacturers with recommendations that can be implemented immediately.
Attendees will leave our presentation armed with a deep understanding of the
strengths and weaknesses of social Smart Devices, how to attack their
current weaknesses and leverage their current strengths, and utilize our
tools to further research how we all can better secure the social side of
the Smart Grid.*

Please RSVP to me by Tuesday, June 29, so that you will be added to the
security list.
For more information, visit the Tampa chapter at: https://www.owasp
.org/index.php/Tampa


A reminder that CISSPs can earn 1 CPE credit for every hour of attendance
at OWASP meetings.

Thanks and see you there,
Justin Morehouse
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-tampa/attachments/20100624/d26dc3bb/attachment.html 

