From justin.morehouse at gmail.com  Wed Dec  5 18:13:39 2012
From: justin.morehouse at gmail.com (Justin Morehouse)
Date: Wed, 5 Dec 2012 13:13:39 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-tampa] OWASP Tampa Q4-2012 Meeting Announcement
Message-ID: <CAGuN4GwXpPsnVQQ5ZNvT31X5oTnTMTicZgdvSJ_3fnnzsyJf8w@mail.gmail.com>

Hello!

Our next meeting will be held on Monday, December 17 from 6 PM to 8 PM at
Kforce in Ybor. There will be one presentation at this meeting. Bryan Orme,
VP of Information Assurance at GuidePoint Security will be presenting "How
to Hack Web Applications for Profit (And How to Prevent Yours From Being
Hacked)." Bryan's presentation abstract and speaker bio is below.


The following is an agenda for our next meeting:

5:45 PM to 6:00 PM - Check-in

6:00 PM to 7:15 PM - Presentation

7:15 PM to 7:30 PM - Break

7:30 PM to 8:00 PM - Open Discussion Forum


How to Hack Web Applications for Profit (And How to Prevent Yours From
Being Hacked)

Abstract

The constant barrage of breaches that we?ve seen over the past several
years have made two things very clear?every organization is at risk and
every web application is a target. As a security professional, it does not
matter whether breaches are brought about by hacktivists such as LulzSec or
Anonymous, the acts of criminally minded hackers or nation state sponsored
attacks, the consequences of vulnerable web applications can wreak havoc on
your company. Attackers are determined, inventive and patient, while your
organization?s application portfolio is dynamic, vulnerable and always
connected to the Internet. This presentation will discuss why web
applications are vulnerable, why they?re under attack, and provide an
overview of the most common vulnerabilities found in web applications.
Attendees will leave with an understanding of how web applications are
attacked, the most common vulnerabilities found in web applications, and
how to prevent these vulnerabilities from being identified and exploited in
your web applications.

Speaker Bio

Bryan Orme, Vice President, Information Assurance ? Bryan has over 12 years
of working experience in the information security field, primarily focusing
on Security Program Strategy, PCI DSS, Application Security, Vendor
Management, and Project Consulting. Before joining GuidePoint, Bryan was
the Director of Information Security for Capital One where he built and led
the Application Security and PCI DSS Programs and was a member of the
Scoping and Encryption Special Interest Groups of the PCI Security
Standards Council. He earned a BS from James Madison University and a MBA
from the Robert H. Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland
and holds QSA, CISSP and CISM certifications.


Please RSVP to me BEFORE 12/14 so that I can add you to the security list.
For more information about OWASP Tampa, including venue information and
directions, please visit our page located at *
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Tampa*

See you there!

Thanks,
Justin
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-tampa/attachments/20121205/1b190805/attachment.html>

