From pete.roalofs at owasp.org  Mon Mar  4 15:31:10 2013
From: pete.roalofs at owasp.org (Pete Roalofs)
Date: Mon, 4 Mar 2013 08:31:10 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-phoenix] OWASP March 5 Meeting: MS SQL Injection - Start to
	Finish : Scott White
Message-ID: <CAAGZWYnes+2zevssVwNS_Gg3AWvaTPmHSb1JpqXvoZV1esO8Ow@mail.gmail.com>

*OWASP Phoenix invites you to it's March meeting!
*
Tuesday March 5th 2013 6:30 - 7:30 PM at University of Advancing Technology
(Theater Room)
2625 W. BASELINE RD. TEMPE, AZ 85283



 MS SQL Injection - Start to Finish

Scott White


This presentation will be a live hacking session demonstrating
reconnaissance, identification, and exploitation of SQL injection with
Microsoft SQL Server as the back end database.  SQL injection will be
performed from start to finish, showing various techniques for obtaining
data, and even fully compromising servers.  Both basic and advanced
exploitation techniques will be explored.


Scott White is a Principal Security Consultant for Cleveland-based
TrustedSec.  He has presented to organizations such as OWASP, ISSA, ISACA,
FBI's Infragard, and others.  He has also spoken at Defcon, and has been
called upon by organizations such as the FBI and Secret Service as a
subject matter expert.  He is the technical reviewer for the popular book,
"Metasploit: The Penetration Tester's Guide".  He holds a bachelors degree
in Computer Science and a master's degree in Network Security.  He has held
various past positions in support, system administration, web development,
penetration testing, and application security for both public and private
sectors with clients in both government and commercial spaces.  His
experience includes performing web application security assessments,
internal, external, and physical penetration tests, source code reviews,
social engineering, and web application security training.  With over 10
years of programming experience coupled with offensive security testing, he
has a thorough web application security understanding from both developer
and attacker perspectives.


Drinks will be found afterword at Taste of Tops (Subject to Change)
403 West University Drive, Tempe, AZ 85281
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-phoenix/attachments/20130304/a154fced/attachment.html>

From pete.roalofs at owasp.org  Fri Mar 29 19:45:20 2013
From: pete.roalofs at owasp.org (Pete Roalofs)
Date: Fri, 29 Mar 2013 12:45:20 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-phoenix] OWASP April 2 Meeting: Top Ten Web Defenses: Jim
 Manico, VP of Security Architecture for WhiteHat Security
Message-ID: <CAAGZWY=446TjAo-fKQtcBXErL9hLjg8GZ4f_gXMLfZ+Vg4WW_g@mail.gmail.com>

*OWASP Phoenix invites you to it's April meeting!  Free and open to
everyone.
*
Tuesday April 2nd 2013 6:30 - 7:30 PM at University of Advancing Technology
(Theater Room)
2625 W. BASELINE RD. TEMPE, AZ 85283



 Top Ten Web Defenses

Jim Manico, VP of Security Architecture for WhiteHat Security



Top Ten Web Defenses:
We cannot ?firewall? or ?patch? our way to secure websites. In the past,
security professionals thought firewalls, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL),
patching, and privacy policies were enough. Today, however, these
methods are outdated and ineffective, as attacks on prominent,
well-protected websites are occurring every day. Website developers must
learn to code in a secure fashion to have any chance of providing
organizations with proper defenses in the current threat-scape. The
session will provide specific tips and guidelines to make website code
both low risk and less vulnerable.


Jim Manico is the VP of Security Architecture for WhiteHat
Security. Jim is also a global board member of OWASP, is the host of the
OWASP Podcast Series, is the committee chair of the OWASP Connections
Committee, is the project manager of the OWASP Cheatsheet series, and is
a significant contributor to several additional OWASP projects. Jim
provides secure coding and developer awareness training for WhiteHat
Security using his 8+ years of experience delivering developer-training
courses for SANS, Aspect Security and others. He brings 16 years of
database-driven Web software development and analysis experience to
WhiteHat and OWASP as well. Jim works on the beautiful island of Kauai,
Hawaii where he lives with his wife Tracey.


Happy Hour to follow!
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-phoenix/attachments/20130329/819c8f38/attachment.html>

