From Jim.Weiler at starwoodhotels.com  Mon Apr  4 12:54:05 2011
From: Jim.Weiler at starwoodhotels.com (Weiler, Jim)
Date: Mon, 4 Apr 2011 12:54:05 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-boston] OWASP Boston mtg this Wed. 6:30 MS Waltham
Message-ID: <2EA0DC3E5B36A145A2136F264D4A1E12D8C922@stcexcpmb03.corp.star>

Just a reminder - 

Presentations Topic - OWASP Exams Project 

Presenter - Ed Adams, CEO of Security Innovation 


Ed Adams will present on the new OWASP Exams Project and the work being
done by the OWASP Academies Working Group. This group has already
created a set of exam questions that can be used by universities and
industry alike to test knowledge in web application security. Ed will
walk through the questions and answers, and there'll be some giveaways
if you know the answer or even try. 

The project also has a set of rich technical content, which Ed will
review in detail with the group, including a new self-paced
computer-based training course on OWASP Top 10. Ed will also discuss and
demonstrate the new open source tool that was offered to the OWASP
Community as part of the Exams Project - TeamMentor OWASP Edition. 

There'll be lots of technical content as well as meta information on how
to use and find this new OWASP technical content, and we'll have a bit
of fun in the process. 

Speaker Bio Mr. Adams is the founder and business owner of the
Application Security Industry Consortium, Inc., an association of
industry technologists and leaders establishing and defining
cross-industry application security guidance and metrics. He is on the
board of the National Association of Information Security Groups
(NAISG). 

No stranger to the podium, Mr. Adams has presented to thousands at
numerous seminars, software industry conferences, and private companies.
He has contributed written and oral commentary for business and
technology media outlets such as New England Cable News, CSO Magazine,
SC Magazine, CIO Update, Investors Business Daily, Optimize and CFO
Magazine. Mr. Adams is in the process of writing a book titled
"Information Security Management: Survival Guide", which will be
published by Wiley & Sons and is due out in November 2009. He maintains
a blog with CSO Magazine, is a columnist for CIO Update and can be
followed on Twitter. 

Mr. Adams earned his MBA degree with honors from Boston College and has
B.A. degrees in Mechanical Engineering and English Literature from the
University of Massachusetts. 


Pizza sponsored by Security Innovation 

 

http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Boston

 

Time - 6:30 p.m.

 

Location and Directions - 

 

Microsoft offices at the Waltham Weston Corporate Center, 201 Jones Rd.,
Sixth Floor Waltham, MA

 

>From Rt. 128 North take exit 26 toward Waltham, East up the hill on Rt.
20, stay in the left lane. From Rt 128 South take exit 26 but go around
the rotary to get to 20 East to Waltham, stay in the left lane up the
hill. Follow signs for Rt. 117 (left at the second light). When you get
to 117 turn left (West). You will cross back over Rt. 128. Jones Rd.
Continue west about 0.1 mile from the Rt. 128 (I95) overpass (look for
the Waltham Weston Corporate Center sign on the left). Jones Rd. is the
second left, at a blinking yellow light, on Rt. 117.  The office
building is at the bottom of Jones Rd. Best parking is to turn right
just before the building and park in the back. Knock on the door to get
the security guard to open it. The room is MPR C.

 

 

 

 

Jim Weiler   CISSP  CSSLP  GSSP-Java

Starwood Hotels and Resorts

Sr. Mgr. Information Security Risk Assessment

Office - 781 356 0067

Cell - 781 654 6048

 



This electronic message transmission contains information from the Company that may be proprietary, confidential and/or privileged. 
The information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) or entity named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, be 
aware that any disclosure, copying or distribution or use of the contents of this information is prohibited.  If you have received 
this electronic transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to the address listed in the "From:" field. 
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-boston/attachments/20110404/69cd4204/attachment.html 

From zebb at amazon.com  Fri Apr 29 19:04:46 2011
From: zebb at amazon.com (Blalock, Zebediah)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2011 16:04:46 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-boston] Security Opening in Seattle, WA at Amazon.com
Message-ID: <6CEABB5C090B6641BBC0A4D669DD40F4D10110EB@EX-SEA3-A.ant.amazon.com>

I would like to post this opportunity to the group.  Please let me know if this isn't the right place.  Thanks!

Do you want to make online shopping safer worldwide, one secure application at a time?  If you are passionate about security and software development come join the application security team here at Amazon.com!

Please contact me directly with interest or questions.  zebb at amazon.com<mailto:zebb at amazon.com>.

Application Security Engineer

Amazon.com is looking for expert Application Security Engineers to ensure that our websites, services and applications are designed and implemented to the highest standards. If you enjoy analyzing the security of applications and services, discovering and addressing security issues and quickly reacting to new threat scenarios, this position will provide you with a challenging opportunity. You will participate in security audits, risk analysis, vulnerability testing and security reviews across all elements of Amazon.com's software systems.

Key tasks include:

 *   Work with development teams to carry out Application Security Reviews
 *   Provide expert advice and consultancy to internal customers on risk assessment, threat modeling and fixing vulnerabilities
 *   Design, implement and support security-focused tools and services
 *   Develop security policies and procedures
 *   Participate in security compliance efforts (e.g., PCIDSS)
 *   Evangelize security within Amazon.com and be an advocate for customer trust
 *   Develop training materials for general security awareness and specific security technology training
 *   Evaluate new and emerging security products and technologies
 *   Participate in tier 2 and tier 3 security operations support
 *   Carry out acquisition and vendor risk assessment due diligence
Requirements:

 *   BS in Computer Science or equivalent required
 *   Several years of application security experience
 *   Several years experience in vulnerability testing and auditing
 *   Experience working with development team(s) that delivered commercial software or software-based services (development, QA testing, or security role)
 *   Solid experience and technical knowledge in security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security
 *   Knowledge of threat modeling or other risk identification techniques
 *   Knowledge of system security vulnerabilities and remediation techniques
 *   Development experience in Java, C++ or C
 *   Scripting skills (e.g., Perl, Python shell scripting)
 *   Knowledge of network and web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS, routing protocols)
 *   Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 *   Excellent teamwork skills
 *   Results oriented, high energy, self-motivated


Zeb Blalock  |  Recruiter | Talent Acquisition  |  Amazon
E: zebb at amazon.com<mailto:jcsmith at amazon.com>  P: 206.266.9846   C: 425.466.1360

Work hard. Have fun. Make history.
Amazon.com/Careers<http://www.amazon.com/careers>

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-boston/attachments/20110429/9e6f4362/attachment.html 

