From Jim.Weiler at starwoodhotels.com  Mon Jan  7 16:00:27 2013
From: Jim.Weiler at starwoodhotels.com (Weiler, Jim)
Date: Mon, 7 Jan 2013 11:00:27 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-boston] OWASP Jan. 8 mtg
Message-ID: <E75559259A4F774A8417401F487302BD053AD48C@stcexcpmb03.corp.star>

Hi Folks,

New Year, new meeting place.  Akamai has graciously offered their
meeting rooms as a permanent meeting place for Boston OWASP.  The first
meeting this year will be on Tuesday Jan. 8, 6:30 pm, 

 

Topic Name: Third-Party Application Analysis: Best Practices and Lessons
Learned

 

Chad Holmes will present details of the work Veracode has been doing
with their 3rd Party program, discuss the technical and business
challenges that have arisen during that time and lead a discussion on
what team members can do to help drive adoption of security best
practices across their vendor community.

 

The flow of the presentation is designed to drive discussion within an
audience - both from a technical and business perspective with some
anecdotal stories. Chad wants this to be an interactive discussion so
he'll have questions and you should bring yours I've already sent him
some.  The order of the presentation is:

*         Adoption rates of externally developed software

*         The risk within those apps

*         Some deeper stats on what "3rd party" really means (total
outsourcing/total COTS produced/open source/imported libraries/etc)

*         Some raw data about our experiences (to show this is based on
a large sample size rather than "Look how awesome Veracode is!")

*         Challenges that will be faced (business, intellectual
property, policy, analysis capabilities, etc)

*         Best Practices for high rates of adoption

*         Lessons Learned and Recommendations

 

Chad Holmes has over 10 years of software development and application
security experience. During his time at Veracode, Chad has lead the
redesign and execution of the third-party analysis process to allow for
a more streamlined approach while still addressing common ISV
intellectual property concerns. In addition to his third-party analysis
responsibilities, Chad's previous work as a Security Program Manager has
lead to the successful roll out and improvement of multiple corporate
application security groups.

 

DIRECTIONS - AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES

 

Our headquarters are located in Cambridge, Mass., at 8 Cambridge Center.
8 Cambridge Center is located at the intersection of Galileo Galilei Way
and Broadway, which is on the outskirts of Kendall Square.

The main reception is on the first floor.

 

Via public transportation

Take the Red Line T to Kendall / MIT. After exiting the station, go west
on Main Street. The MIT Co-op will be on your right. Go right onto Ames
Street, at the next intersection, Broadway, take a left. The Akamai
building is on your left, just after the Residence Inn.

 

>From Logan Airport

Exit the airport and follow signs to the Sumner Tunnel. Go through the
tunnel, staying in the left lane. At the end of the tunnel, follow signs
to Route 93 North and go up the ramp to the Southeast Expressway. You
are now on Route 93 North; stay in the right-hand lane and take Exit 26
Back Bay/Storrow Drive. Stay left onto exit ramp under the overpass.
Follow signs to Back Bay/Storrow Drive. Go through the tunnel, staying
in the left lane. Take the first left exit, Government Center/Kendall
Square, Route 3 North. Take the right lane of the exit ramp. At the end
of the exit, take a right and go over the Longfellow Bridge onto
Broadway. Go to the second set of lights and take a left onto Ames
Street, Starbucks will be on the corner. Take your first right into the
alleyway immediately after Starbucks. Take a left into the garage. 8
Cambridge Center is on your right after the Residence Inn.

 

>From Boston

Take Cambridge Street to the Longfellow Bridge. After you go over the
bridge, you will be on Broadway. Go to the second set of lights and take
a left onto Ames Street, Starbucks will be on the corner. Take your
first right into the alleyway immediately after Starbucks. Take a left
into the garage. 8 Cambridge Center is on your right after the Residence
Inn.

 

>From the west

Take the Massachusetts Turnpike (Route 90) east, toward Boston. Get off
at Exit 18 Cambridge/Allston (this exit is on your left). After the
toll, bear right, following signs to Cambridge. You will be on Cambridge
Street. After you go over the bridge, Cambridge Street becomes River
Street. Go straight on River Street. Cross Massachusetts Avenue at
Central Square, and continue straight. Take a right at the third set of
lights onto Broadway. Follow Broadway for approximately one mile. After
you go underneath the sky bridge, take a right at the second set of
lights onto Ames Street, Starbucks is on the corner.

Take your first right into the alleyway immediately after Starbucks.

Take a left into the garage. 8 Cambridge Center is on your right after
the Residence Inn.

 

Parking

Garage parking is available at the Cambridge West Garage in Cambridge
Center off of Ames Street. Guests who are here for an interview can have
their tickets validated at the Akamai reception desk. The parking garage
is under construction, so please allow for time to park on the upper
decks, if necessary.

 

Metered parking is also available on Broadway and in the surrounding
area.

 

When using GPS please be aware that Cambridge Street and Cambridge
Center are not the same.

 

Pizza and soda provided by Akamai.

 

 

 

Jim Weiler       CISSP   CSSLP   GSSP - Java

Application Security Architect

Starwood Hotels      1505 Washington St.   Braintree MA. 02184

desk - 781 356 0067

mobile - 781 654 6048

 

 



This electronic message transmission contains information from the Company that may be proprietary, confidential and/or privileged. 
The information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) or entity named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, be 
aware that any disclosure, copying or distribution or use of the contents of this information is prohibited.  If you have received 
this electronic transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to the address listed in the "From:" field. 
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-boston/attachments/20130107/f0431132/attachment-0001.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: image001.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 13717 bytes
Desc: image001.jpg
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-boston/attachments/20130107/f0431132/attachment-0001.jpg>

