From ivanr at webkreator.com  Tue Dec  4 05:19:17 2007
From: ivanr at webkreator.com (Ivan Ristic)
Date: Tue, 04 Dec 2007 10:19:17 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-london] December 6th Meeting [Update/Programme]
Message-ID: <475529A5.2040002@webkreator.com>

As you know we will be meeting again on December 6th at
the same place as usual, the Auriol Kensington Rowing Club (map
http://www.akrowing.com/page.php?page=findus). Breach Security (my
employer) will be paying the costs of the venue.

The official part will run between 7pm and 9pm, with an half an
hour before and after for socialising (the whole event thus
beginning at 6:30pm and ending at 9:30pm). FYI, we are not going
to overrun this time.

The programme is pretty good thanks to Adrian and Rodrigo who
responded to my email from last week:

  19:00 Adrian Pastor: Cracking into embedded devices and
        beyond!

  19:45 Rodrigo Marcos: Blind SQL Injection: Optimization
        Techniques

  20:15 OWASP London Chapter (discussion)

  20:45 PDP: Client-Side Security (discussion)

See you there!

---

Adrian Pastor
Cracking into embedded devices and beyond!

The presentation covers cracking into embedded devices by exploiting
vulnerabilities present on default software running on the target device.

Most of the vulnerabilities discussed are web bugs that can be exploited
remotely. The reason for focusing on such type of flaws, is because I've
personally had several successful experiences discovering important /
critical vulnerabilities.

Additionally, the presentation is focused on vulnerabilities that can
be exploited remotely.

Some of my personal discoveries will be covered, including
vulnerabilities found on Axis IP cameras, Belkin "belkin54g" family
of routers, BT Home Hub wireless routers (Thomson/Alcatel Speedtouch
7G), BT Voyager 2091, 3COM APXXXX Dual Radio 11a/b/g Access Point,
and Linksys Wireless-G ADSL Gateway (WAG54GS).

Some interesting vulnerabilities found on embedded devices by other
peers will also be explained.

Not only *real attacks* will be explored, but also the *consequences* of
cracking into embedded devices. How nasty can it get after an embedded
device has been exploited? How far does the rabbit hole go?

In the case of routers, scenarios include eavesdropping the victim(s)'
Internet connection, controlling the traffic flow, stealing services
such as TV streaming and VoIP. In the case of miscellaneous devices such
as IP cameras scenarios include replacing the surveillance video stream,
and one of my favorites: using the device as a stepping stone to
penetrate into the corporate network after the device as been
compromised from an attack originated from the Internet.

Classic attacks against embedded devices will also be discussed,
although this will be a minor portion of the presentation.

Finally, possibilities of exploiting FON, a community-shared Wi-Fi
network will be discussed.

---

Rodrigo Marcos
Blind SQL Injection: Optimization Techniques

Blind SQL injection is a common web app vulnerability. There are a
number of issues when it comes to exploiting it, probably 'time' is the
biggest one. Blind SQL injection is a slow attack. 'Blind SQL injection
optimization techniques' presents a number of ways to speed up the
attack and a practical implementation of such techniques.

---

Thanks,
Ivan



