From justin.clarke at owasp.org  Mon Jun  8 11:25:47 2015
From: justin.clarke at owasp.org (Justin Clarke)
Date: Mon, 8 Jun 2015 12:25:47 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-london] Reminder: Next OWASP London Event - June Chapter
	Meeting - this Thursday, 11th June 2015, 6:30pm-8:30pm
Message-ID: <869B1B2B-50FA-4EE2-83ED-0507AA54EAF5@owasp.org>

All,

A reminder that our next meeting (and first for 2015) is this Thursday at our venue sponsor for the second year, Skype, at their offices at 2 Waterhouse Square, 140 Holborn, London, EC1N 2ST.  

We have two talks, including (based on the good feedback from December) another OSINT related talk from Christian? a hot topic with all the CBEST related activity going on in the FS industry. Also - I?m planning on talking on a more defence related OWASP topic, however I?m confirming some things with the project leads ahead of that, so I?ll announce that topic closer to Thursday!


Talks:
	
? OSINT SECURITY 2.0 Past, Present and Future - Christian Martorella

How OSINT will play an important role in the future, helping to predict, prevent and react against incidents that threaten the Global security. The presentation will delve into the tools and techniques that enable OSINT practitioners to measure the Global security signals conveyed by the Internet. Multiple facets of information dissemination, collection, analysis and interpretation will be examined, with a focus on the security dimension of the information.

Speakers:

? Christian Martorella
Christian Martorella has been working in the field of Information Security for the last 14 years, currently working in the Product Security team at Skype, Microsoft. Before he was the Practice Lead of Threat and Vulnerability, for Verizon Business, where he lead a team of consultants delivering Security testing services in EMEA for a wide range of industries including Financial services, Telecommunications, Utilities and Government. He is cofounder an active member of Edge-Security team, where security tools and research is released. He presented at Blackhat Arsenal USA, Hack.Lu, What The Hack!, NoConName, FIST Conferences, OWASP Summits and OWASP meetings. Christian has contributed with open source assessment tools like OWASP WebSlayer, Wfuzz, theHarvester and Metagoofil. He likes all related to Information Gathering, OSINT and offensive security

? Justin Clarke
Director and Co-Founder of Gotham Digital Science Ltd (a subsidiary of Gotham Digital Science LLC, based in New York). Senior security consultant with extensive international Big 4 risk management, security consulting and testing experience. Based in the United Kingdom, with previous experience in the United States and New Zealand. Lead author/technical editor of "SQL Injection Attacks and Defenses" - published May 2009 by Syngress, co-author of "Network Security Tools" - published April 2005 by O'Reilly, contributor to "Network Security Assessment, 2nd Edition", as well as a speaker at various security conferences and events such as Black Hat, EuSecWest, ISACA, BruCON, OWASP, OSCON, RSA and SANS. Currently Chapter leader of the OWASP London chapter.

RSVP here - http://owasp-london.eventbrite.co.uk/ <http://owasp-london.eventbrite.co.uk/>  Please note that RSVPs close Wednesday evening before the event so we get names on the door!

See you all there :)

Justin
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-london/attachments/20150608/dfd962ce/attachment.html>

