From sam.stepanyan at owasp.org  Fri Dec 28 10:19:41 2018
From: sam.stepanyan at owasp.org (Sam Stepanyan)
Date: Fri, 28 Dec 2018 10:19:41 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-london] OWASP London Capture The Flag (CTF) for Developers -
	9th January 2019
Message-ID: <eb851de2-4822-e140-56be-4e1a10306ddb@owasp.org>

OWASP London Chapter is pleased to announce that the next OWASP London 
CTF Tournament for Application Developers will take place on Wednesday, 
9th January 2019.

CTF (Capture The Flag) is a type of computer security competition. 
Contestants are presented with a set of challenges and puzzles which 
test their creativity, technical coding (and googling) skills, and 
problem-solving ability. Challenges usually cover a number of categories 
and when solved, each yields a ?flag? which is submitted to a real-time 
scoring service. The difficulty levels are from beginner to advanced.

CTF tournaments are a great and fun way for software developers to learn 
a wide array of application security skills in a safe and legal 
environment. Identify vulnerabilities in the source code of various 
systems and choose the right solution to fix the vulnerabilities.

Top scorers will win prizes kindly donated by cyber security technology 
vendors.

Programming languages supported: Java, JavaScript (Node.JS, Angular1), 
C#, Python ( Django), PHP, Ruby-on-Rails, Go, Scala

IMPORTANT: Please bring your own LAPTOP and a charger for it to this event.

This event is kindly hosted and sponsored by: Just Eat

The CTF Platform is kindly provided by Secure Code Warrior.

Location: JUST EAT,? Fleet Place House, 2 Fleet Place, London EC4M 7RF 
(the entrance is opposite Starbucks front doors)

Nearest Tube: St Paul's (7 minute walk)

Doors Open: 6pm - registration and networking

CTF kick-off: 6:30pm

Refreshments and drinks will be provided by Just Eat.

Participation is FREE, but the number of seats is strictly limited and 
reservation is required to attend.

Register to attend here:

https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/owasp-london-ctf-for-developers-tickets-54130947120?aff=ml 


Spread the word within your organisations and get your developers to join!

Regards,

Sam Stepanyan, Sherif Mansour and Dr. Greg Fragkos
OWASP London Chapter Leaders

-- 

Sam Stepanyan
OWASP London Chapter Leader
sam.stepanyan at owasp.org
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London
Follow OWASP London Chapter on Twitter: @owasplondon
"Like" us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OWASPLondon
Watch video recordings of our events on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/OWASPLondon

Consider giving back and supporting the open community by becoming an OWASP member today!


