From marco.m.morana at gmail.com  Mon May  3 07:47:22 2010
From: marco.m.morana at gmail.com (Marco M. Morana)
Date: Mon, 3 May 2010 07:47:22 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-cincinnati] OWASP Meeting: May 5th Wednesday
Message-ID: <4bdeb7c9.0b65e50a.6002.25c5@mx.google.com>

List

This is a reminder to RSVP for the OWASP May meeting THIS week

If you plan to attend the meeting please RSVP by select the date May 5th
date and registering on  <http://owasp-cincinnati.eventbrite.com>
http://owasp-cincinnati.eventbrite.com

Here are the details of the presentation:

Protecting Your Applications from Backdoors: How to Secure Your Business
Critical Applications from Time Bombs, Backdoors & Data 

With the increasing practice of outsourcing and using 3rd party libraries,
it is nearly impossible for an enterprise to identify the pedigree and
security of the software running its business critical applications. As a
result backdoors and malicious code are increasingly becoming the prevalent
attack vector used by hackers. Whether you manage internal development
activities, work with third party developers or are developing a COTS
application for enterprise, your mandate is clear- safeguard your code and
make applications security a priority for internal and external development
teams. In this session we will cover; (1) Prevalence of backdoors and
malicious code in third party attacks; (2) Definitions and classifications
of backdoors and their impact on your applications; (3) Methods to identify,
track and remediate these vulnerabilities 

Speaker Bio:Clint Pollock 

Clint Pollock is a Senior Solutions Architect at Veracode. Since 1997, he
has also created security solutions for large-scale enterprise environments
on behalf of CREDANT Technologies and Netegrity. In his current role, Clint
helps globally distributed organizations evaluate, track, and mitigate their
application security risk. Clint's greatest strengths are his enthusiasm,
experience and determination to help customers succeed in maintaining
secure, compliant systems, and avoid the consequences and bad headlines that
come with application security breaches. Clint resides in Chicago, IL. 

 

Regards

 

Marco Mirko Morana

OWASP Cincinnati USA Chapter Lead

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cincinnati/attachments/20100503/105103d1/attachment.html 

