From andy.willingham at owasp.org  Mon Jun  4 17:46:59 2012
From: andy.willingham at owasp.org (Andy Willingham)
Date: Mon, 4 Jun 2012 13:46:59 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-cincinnati] June meeting
Message-ID: <CAHa8p7UdxeWn5Ywf1Tr1F937FTCLWxgG_JdPkgjfBdNoYU08NQ@mail.gmail.com>

Register at https://www.eventbrite.com/event/3680179516

TITLE: Security is Dead. Love Live Rugged DevOps: IT at Ludicrous Speed

ABSTRACT:

Cloud IT velocity is breathtaking: while most IT struggle with monthly
releases, agile IT businesses routinely conjure thousands of AWS servers,
performing over 10 deploys per day. This agility delights the business and
terrifies security. DevOps aligns the former adversaries of Dev and Ops.
Security needs to enable ludicrous speed or be left behind. We make a case
for Rugged DevOps as an answer.

BIO:

Joshua Corman is the Director of Security Intelligence for Akamai
Technologies and has more than a decade of experience in security. Most
recently he served as Research Director for Enterprise Security at The 451
Group following his time as Principal Security Strategist for IBM Internet
Security Systems. Mr. Corman?s research highlights adversaries, game theory
and motivational structures. His analysis cuts across sectors to the core
security challenges plaguing the IT industry, and helps to drive
evolutionary strategies toward emerging technologies and shifting
incentives. His research and education efforts won him the title of Top
Influencer of IT by NetworkWold magazine in 2009. Mr. Corman is a candid
and highly-coveted speaker with engagements at leading industry events such
as RSA, DEFCON, Interop, ISACA, and SANS. As a staunch advocate for CISOs,
Corman also serves as a Fellow with the Ponemon Institute, on the Faculty
for IANS, and co-founded Rugged Software ? a value-based initiative to
raise awareness and usher in an era of secure digital infrastructure.
Corman received his bachelor?s degree in philosophy, graduating Phi Beta
Kappa and summa cum laude, from the University of New Hampshire. He resides
with his wife and two daughters in New Hampshire.

Corman can be found on twitter @joshcorman and on his blog at
http://blog.cognitivedissidents.com

Andy Willingham
www.andyitguy.com
www.linkedin.com/in/andyitguy

