From sven.vetsch at disenchant.ch  Tue Mar  6 17:05:32 2007
From: sven.vetsch at disenchant.ch (Sven Vetsch / Disenchant)
Date: Tue, 06 Mar 2007 23:05:32 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-switzerland] Next Meeting
Message-ID: <45EDE5AC.3030004@disenchant.ch>

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hi list members,
I'd like to start the planning for the next OWASP Switzerland Local
Chapter meeting.

Date and time:
Aren't fixed yet. I've set up a doodle voting pool again, where you can
vote for the dates, where you can join the meeting. Before you start
voting, please finish reading this mail because there are some important
information which could be important for it. The time would be in the
evening, to know why just read the "What"-Part of this mail :)

Here's the voting pool:
http://www.doodle.ch/dp54U6ndBspC

Where:
Tobias or Sandro, can one of you offer a room again? Please contact me
offlist.

Who:
As usual, everyone is welcome, so if you know someone who could also be
interested in participate, ask him/her to come too  :)

What:
As I've already informed you, Fortify Software would like to do some
sponsoring on our Local Chapter, which I think is a great chance for us.
At the last chapter meeting we had the idea to combine the meeting with
a dinner after or just having a beer together. Now Nick Blamey from
Fortify informed me, that they will invite us to such a dinner and also
send one of their guys to our meeting for give a presentation about one
of the topics on the list I had with me at the last meeting. Sounds
great, not? :)
We'll combine the dinner with a reallife meeting of the zog.net
mailinglist, which is a mailinglist for Swiss IT security professionals
(these guys of course are also kindly invited to join the OWASP meeting
before). So, there will be a real "Swiss Security Dinner" which is very
interesting and fun at the same time :)

Now for your information about the voting for the date, keep in mind,
that on the 26.April, Fortify would be able to send us Dr. Brian Chess
which's their CTO and founder for give a presentation to us. It would be
great if anyone votes because we should know how many people attending
to the meeting and especially the dinner for do the reservation.

If there are any questions, don't hesitate to ask me (on- or offlist) :)

Regards,
Sven

- --

sent by Sven Vetsch / Disenchant

www.disenchant.ch

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.3 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org

iD8DBQFF7eWr8luv3I4ijh0RAj5eAJ9nCMq/ovAe42HBWeo10wYevei1wwCdEjA/
1E+t7KZCaVZUsL59zJRUm80=
=IaRR
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

From sven.vetsch at disenchant.ch  Mon Mar 26 07:52:43 2007
From: sven.vetsch at disenchant.ch (Sven Vetsch / Disenchant)
Date: Mon, 26 Mar 2007 13:52:43 +0200
Subject: [Owasp-switzerland] 26. April 2007 - OWASP Meeting and "Swiss
	Security Dinner"
Message-ID: <4607B40B.6080105@disenchant.ch>

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hi everyone,
following you'll find the (hopefully) final information about the
already announced next OWASP Switzerland Local Chapter Meeting and a
"Swiss Security Dinner" afterwards.

Date and time:
26. April 2007
Meeting 17:00-19:00
Dinner 19:00-??:??

There was a voting pool to find the date which's best for most of the
interested people. The voting's finished now to find the date but if you
would like to attend to the meeting and the dinner, please also give
your vote to the 26. April 2007 because of the reservation in the
restaurant. The voting pool will be closed on the 16. April 2007 and if
you decide to come later then this date, please send me a mail directly.

Here's the voting pool:
http://www.doodle.ch/dp54U6ndBspC


Where (Meeting):
Zurich Financial Services
Mythenquai 2 / Zurich

http://map.search.ch/zuerich/mythenquai-2


Where (Dinner):
This is not fixed yet because it's still able to register through the
voting pool but I think it would be an Italian Restaurant because there
everyone should find something he/she likes.


Who:
As at all of our meetings, everyone is welcome, so if you know someone
who could also be interested in participate, ask him/her to come too :)


What (Meeting):
There will be a presentation about risk metrics by Dr. Brian Chess
which's the CTO and founder of Fortify Software (http://fortify.com/).
I'm really looking forward to his talk because I already had a look on
his presentation slides and it's interesting stuff. Before and after the
presentation there would be some smalltalk or discussions I think and
especially after, we can also go somewhere to have an appetizer before
the dinner.


Remember that it's important, that *anyone* who would like to come votes
on the voting pool because we should know how many people attending to
the meeting and especially the dinner for do the reservation.

If there are any further questions, don't hesitate to ask :)

Regards,
Sven

- --

sent by Sven Vetsch / Disenchant

www.disenchant.ch

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.3 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org

iD8DBQFGB7QL8luv3I4ijh0RAoLEAKCZlqO/OBqrvOuzQ8Kvqznd6IfHLQCgkDtn
Nc8mqj4BDuUkDx/WdTfjNOo=
=SgdR
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

