From sven.vetsch at owasp.org  Tue Mar  3 08:12:12 2015
From: sven.vetsch at owasp.org (Sven Vetsch)
Date: Tue, 03 Mar 2015 00:12:12 -0800 (PST)
Subject: [OWASP-Switzerland] CFP for Swiss Cyber Storm Track @ SIGS
	Technology Summit
Message-ID: <1425370331731.d7fef399@Nodemailer>

Hi everyone,
I was asked by Swiss Cyber Storm to forward the following message to our mailing list. Would be great to also have some AppSec speakers there.


regards,
Sven


------


As partner of the Security Interest Group Switzerland, Swiss Cyber Storm is organizing a special tech track at the SIGs Technology Summit Information on the 23rd of June 2015 in Bern, Switzerland. The SIGS Technology Summit is an emerging platform to learn about new technologies, methods, oportunities, challenges and threats in the information security world that help decision makers and IT security professionals shape their roadmap.
The SIGS Technology Summit offers 5 parallel session where the Swiss Cyber Storm track is one of them.
Swiss Cyber Storm is a non-profit organization that organizes the Swiss Cyber Storm Security Challenge and Swiss Cyber Storm conference, an international IT security conference taking place on the 21st of October in the KKL Lucerne.
?
Scope
?
In particular, we are looking for topics in the following domains:
?
? ? Operating system and application security
? ? Wired and wireless network security
? ? Mobile communication security
? ? Forensics and anti-forensics
? ? Digital privacy and anonymous communication
? ? Advanced Exploitation (Bypassing all the security measures)
? ? Malware collection and analysis
? ? Botnet analysis
? ? Covert communication channels
? ? Electronic voting
? ? Industrial espionage
? ? Industrial control system security / SCADA
? ? Security metrics and visualization
? ? Intrusion detection and prevention
? ? Cloud computing security
? ? Cryptography and security protocols
? ? Biometric system security
? ? Quantitative and model based IT risk management
?
Submissions from academic and scientific institutions are welcome.
?
Deadlines
Please submit an abstract of your talk until March 23rd, 2015, 11:59pm CET.
?
Notes of Acceptance will be delivered shortly after the submission round deadlines but no later than 27th, 2015.
?
Submission Guidelines
?
The submission package is assessed by the program committee and the author is notified on the outcome by electronic means. Your submission package must be delivered to president at swisscyberstorm.com in ASCII or as PDF and contain the following:
?
Talk details:
? ? Either:
? ? ? ? an extended abstract of your intended talk with at maximum 400 words OR
? ? ? ? a full paper with a minimum of 6 and a maximum of 12 pages OR
? ? ? ? a slide deck with a maximum of 45 slides
? ?
? ? -Title of the presentation
? ? -Your name and affiliation
? ? -A 150 word abstract of the talk which will be displayed on the conferences website
? ? -A short bio (150-200 words) and a photo of yourself to be published on the website
?
Speaker Benefits
We offer the following benefits to accepted speakers:
? ? Free admission to the conference
? ? Invitation to a complimentary speaker's dinner after the conference
? ? If required, reimbursement of travel expenses in economy class up to a certain amount (depending on your location)
?
Please note, that we are only able to reimburse travel expenses for one (1) person per presentation.
?
Terms
The author of the content keeps his or her full rights on the submitted material. By submitting the CFP package the author agrees to the following terms:
? ? You confirm that the material submitted is your own except for where explicit references to third-party works are made.
? ? You confirm that you have obtained permission to use and distribute third-party content, like images.
? ? You give permission to SIGS to publishing/distributing your material either in physical or electronic format without royalty.
? ? You give permission to SIGS to create audio and video recordings of your presentation and publish/distribute these without royalty.
? ? You agree that travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed only upon successful delivery of your talk and upon presenting the receipts.
? ? You agree to reading out a disclaimer to the audience at the beginning of your presentation if deemed necessary by SIGS
? ? You agree not to hold SIGS liable for any direct or indirect damages or costs in case the event is cancelled.
------
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-switzerland/attachments/20150303/68073867/attachment.html>

