From kvprashant at owasp.org  Mon Nov 12 19:25:45 2018
From: kvprashant at owasp.org (Prashant Kv)
Date: Mon, 12 Nov 2018 11:25:45 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-bayarea] Hands-on Event:- Anatomy of Recent Security Breaches
Message-ID: <CAAf4JyQgDhTOm8kcJgy_bVMVmSWsxfD+_DRqAuF98+=aBpK-Aw@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,
We are glad to announce a Hands-on meet on "Anatomy of Recent Security
Breaches".
The talk will be preceded with attack simulation. Please fill the form to
confirm your participation.

Date: Monday, November 19th | 6:00PM - 8:00PM
Venue: Zillow Group 535 Mission St, Suite 700 San Francisco, CA 94105
Form:- https://goo.gl/forms/VcqItqpNz5Hs83h92

Instructions to enter the seventh floor: Each attendee will have to sign in
with security in the lobby on the ground floor (they will need to be sent
up to the 7th floor). Once they are on the 7th floor, we should have signs
pointing them to "The Bay" event space; this is our large conference space
next to our cafeteria.

Talk Description:
This hands-on session focuses on the design problems and technical issues
behind the most recent security breaches of Facebook, British Airways,
Yahoo and Equifax. By analysing them in depth, we understand that they
could have been evaded by the right security consciousness. So we explore
the story behind each breach and solve a corresponding security challenge
afterwards. These challenges will give a real insight into the risks of XSS
bugs, broken access controls on Content Delivery Networks, insecure
access-tokens and outdated 3rd-party dependencies. Avatao provides the
infrastructure to host these exercises so everybody can easily join to
solve them.

Requirements:

-          Browser with internet access
-          Python 3 installed
-          Experience with XSS
-          A fair understanding of coding will be helpful

Trainer:
G?bor P?k

G?bor is a co-founder and CTO at Avatao, a cloud-based virtual lab to teach
people build secure software and systems. He earned his Ph.D. degree in
2015 from the CrySyS Lab of Budapest University of Technology and
Economics, but completed internships at iSecLab at Eurecom, France and TU
Wien, Austria, too. His main research focus was on malware analysis and
virtualization security. One of the vulnerabilities he found
(XSA-59/CVE-2013-3495) affected several Intel chipsets that enabled attacks
against hypervisors such as Xen or KVM. He was one of the key members of
the Duqu, Flame, Miniduke and Teamspy targeted attack investigation teams.
He founded and coordinated CrySyS Student Core for almost 5 years, which
was an invite-only group of exceptionally talented students interested in
system security. This group gave birth to the "!SpamAndHex" (
https://ctftime.org/team/5347) CTF team, which became one of the top teams
in the world in 2 years. As a member of !SpamAndHex he is a three-times
DEFCON CTF finalist, that is widely regarded as the hacker world
championship. Over the years, he gave talks at several cyber security
conferences in the academia (e.g., ACM AsiaCCS, ESORICS, USENIX ASE ) and
industry (e.g., DevSecCon, POC, Belluminar, Hacktivity) also.

Again, Please fill the form to confirm registration.
Form:- https://goo.gl/forms/VcqItqpNz5Hs83h92

Regards
Prashant
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-bayarea/attachments/20181112/7533e750/attachment.html>

From kvprashant at owasp.org  Mon Nov 12 19:32:38 2018
From: kvprashant at owasp.org (Prashant Kv)
Date: Mon, 12 Nov 2018 11:32:38 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-bayarea] 16th Nov, Handson-event,
	OWASP Security Knowledge Framework
Message-ID: <CAAf4JyRrXhFcgc25dOSYhrY1iwpe=wr3hKN6yBju_aciYyULFg@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,
We are glad to announce a Hands-on meet on "OWASP Security Knowledge
Framework ".
The talk will be preceded with hands-on event on Web app Hacking. *Please
fill the form to confirm your participation.*

Date:- 16th Nov, Friday 6 to 8 PM
Venue:- Synopsys, 185 Berry St, Lobby 3, Floor 6, Suite 6500
*Form*:-  https://goo.gl/forms/d1jngx81DobY16b72

Talk Details:-
During our work as penetration testers we found that there where a lot of
vulnerabilities
that could have been easily prevented whenever the developers where given
proper
guidance and security requirements.  This session will be preceeded by Web
application hacking hands-on.

In the current state of software development with the whole (S)SDLC in
place, the
security tooling integrated in your security pipe-lines will not cover the
whole attack surface. This is because the tooling can never understand the
full
context of the applications functions and logic, but the developers can!

We believe that the developers are the real champions and with proper
guidance, awareness and
toolsets they can lift the maturity of the projects security to a whole new
level!

This is why we developed the OWASP Security Knowledge Framework!

What is the OWASP Security Knowledge Framework?

Over 10 years of experience in web application security bundled into a
single application.
The Security Knowledge Framework is a vital asset to the coding toolkit of
you and your development team.
Use SKF to learn and integrate security by design in your web application.

SKF is an open source security knowledgebase including manageble projects
with checklists
and best practice code examples in multiple programming languages showing
you how to
prevent hackers gaining access and running exploits on your application.

In a nutshell:

- It Trains your developers in writing secure code
- It utilizes ASVS for setting up the right security requirements
- For each ASVS item there is a knowledge base item that guides the
developer with implementation
- Developers and security specialist can keep audit trails of the
requirements to do verification in implementation
- It contains code examples that teach the secure coding principles!

About the trainers:

Glenn ten Cate:
As a coder, hacker, speaker, trainer and security researcher employed at
ING Belgium as the security chapter leader.
Glenn has over 10 years experience in the field of security. One of the
founders of defensive development [defdev] a security training and
conference
series dedicated to helping you build and maintain secure software and also
speaking at multiple other security conferences
in the world. His goals is to create an open-source software development
life cycle with the tools and knowledge gathered over the years.

Riccardo ten Cate:
As a penetration tester from the Netherlands Riccardo specializes in
application security and has extensive knowledge in
securing applications in multiple coding languages. Riccardo has many years
of experience in training and guiding
development teams.

Riccardo also has expertise on implementing security test automation in
CI/CD pipelines.
This helps create short feedback loops back to the developer and prevents
bugs from getting into
production into an early phase of the development lifecycle. By combining
these skillsets into the SKF
Riccardo helps development teams becoming more mature and making their
applications secure by design.

Again, Please fill the form to confirm participation
*form:- https://goo.gl/forms/d1jngx81DobY16b72
<https://goo.gl/forms/d1jngx81DobY16b72>*

Regards
Prashant
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-bayarea/attachments/20181112/1f03ac76/attachment.html>

From kvprashant at owasp.org  Thu Nov 29 23:02:18 2018
From: kvprashant at owasp.org (Prashant Kv)
Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2018 15:02:18 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-bayarea] 10th Dec,
	Hands-on session:- Threat Model-as-Code: Automated Threat Modeling
Message-ID: <CAAf4JyRhRf-10BxJdQefefQJNgqRKsa_EQxQDhUKtseCfHsVyg@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,
We will be having a hands-on session on topic "Threat Model-as-Code: A
Framework to go from Codified Threat Modeling to Automated Application
Security".  Abhay presented this framework at Appsec USA in 2018. Please
fill the form to confirm your attendance.

Date: Monday, December 10th | 6:00PM - 8:00PM
Venue: Upgrade Inc, 275 Battery Street, 23rd floor, San Francisco
Form:- https://goo.gl/forms/JyGH5l7YtOz7PQvS2

Talk Description:
Threat Modeling is critical for Product Engineering Team. Yet, even in the
rare event that it?s performed, its performed without actionable outputs
emerging from the exercise. It is relegated to the status of what a
?Policy/Best Practice Document?, which it shouldn?t be. I believe that
Threat Models are playbooks of Product Security Engineering. I feel that
the best way to do threat modeling is to integrate it into the Software
Development Lifecycle (SDL). In addition, I believe that Threat Models
should produce actionable outputs that can be acted up on by various teams
within the organization. To address this lacuna, I have developed
?Automaton? - An Open Source ?Threat Modeling as Code? framework, that
allows product teams to capture User Stories, Abuser Stories, Threat Models
and Security Test Cases in YAML Files (like Ansible). With the help of Test
Automation Frameworks (in this case, Robot Framework) Automaton allows the
product engineering team to not only capture Threat Models as code, but
also trigger specific security test cases with tools like OWASP ZAP,
BurpSuite, WFuzz, Sublist3r, Nmap and so on. The benefits are three-fold.
One - For teams to use Threat Modeling as a first-class citizen(with code).
Facilitating Iterative and Updated Threat Models and Security Test Cases,
as the product evolves (not a stationary document).
Two - For Threat Modeling to become actionable. Product Teams can use this
Framework to compose ?Recipes? where User Stories (Functionality) leads to
Abuser Stories (Threat Profiles) which lead to Threat Models (scenarios),
that are used to create Security Test Cases (which kick off certain tools)
based on the Recipes written for the Test Cases.
Three - This approach leads to a convergence of Threat Modeling and
Security Testing, allowing teams to improve both security testing and
threat modeling based on results produced through this framework.

Requirements:
* Computer with WiFi access and 64bit OS
* Python 2.7
* OWASP ZAP 2.7.x
* Docker: Please pull the following images:
   * abhaybhargav/npmaudit
   * abhaybhargav/nodejsscan
* Please git clone: https://github.com/we45/Cut-The-Funds-Frontend and run
`docker-compose up` to run the vulnerable app that we'll be using

Trainer:
Abhay Bhargav

Abhay Bhargav is the Founder of we45, a focused Application Security
Company. Abhay is a builder and breaker of applications. He is the Chief
Architect of ?Orchestron", a leading Application Vulnerability Correlation
and Orchestration Framework.

He has created some pioneering works in the area of DevSecOps and AppSec
Automation, including the world?s first hands-on training program on
DevSecOps, focused on Application Security Automation. In addition to his
work in Application Security Automation, he has created ?ThreatPlaybook?, a
unique open-source framework that marries Threat-Modeling (as-Code) with
Application Security Automation. ThreatPlaybook has been featured in
several industry events and been recently featured in BlackHat USA 2018?s
Arsenal event. In addition to this, Abhay is active in his research of new
technologies and their impact on Application Security, namely Containers,
Orchestration and Serverless Architectures.

Abhay is a speaker and trainer at major industry events including DEF CON,
BlackHat, OWASP AppSecUSA, EU and AppSecCali. His trainings have been
sold-out events at conferences like AppSecUSA, EU, AppSecDay Melbourne,
CodeBlue (Japan) and so on. He?s also an author and trainer on Pluralsight.
He writes on IT and IT Security-focused areas in his blog. Abhay is the
author of two international publications ?Secure Java: For Web Application
Development? and ?PCI Compliance: A Definitive Guide"

Again, Please fill the form to confirm your seat.
Form:- https://goo.gl/forms/JyGH5l7YtOz7PQvS2

Regards
Prashant
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-bayarea/attachments/20181129/a2acb8f1/attachment.html>

