From kvprashant at owasp.org  Mon Jan 14 05:11:00 2019
From: kvprashant at owasp.org (Prashant Kv)
Date: Sun, 13 Jan 2019 21:11:00 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-bayarea] 23rd Jan Hands-on:An introduction to Mobile Malware
	Analysis , 
Message-ID: <CAAf4JyT-hG2BEzPNpUx42Dkc-A7EKCgPPjsbw0DnkCLYYqrRDw@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,
Happy New Year, We are starting this new year with an awesome session by
Anish patil on "Introduction to Mobile Malware Analysis". Please fill the
form to register.


*Topic:- An introduction to Mobile Malware Analysis*

*Date: Monday, January 23rd | 6:00PM - 8:00PMVenue: Splunk Santana Row
office, 3098 Olsen Drive, San Jose, CA*

*Registration Form:- https://goo.gl/forms/FjoIo2WI0aSg8aiz2
<https://goo.gl/forms/FjoIo2WI0aSg8aiz2>*

Talk Description:

Mobile phones are a lot more than just phones these days, they are a
Pandora's box for critical user data. This makes such devices a prime
target for malware writers interested in stealing user data, which is
extremely lucrative for a number a threat actors. Unsurprisingly, mobile
malware has been on the rise over the last few years and is likely to keep
doing so in the near future. In this session we will talk about the
different approaches towards mobile malware analysis and focus on some key
areas that will help a newcomer to this field test the waters. We will
highlight few tools and techniques specific to certain approaches in an
effort to give a starting point to enthusiasts.

Main topics to be covered:

   1.

   Introduction to the mobile malware landscape
   2.

   Major players in Mobile malware
   3.

   What is an Android malware interested in ?
   4.

   Few types of Android malware
   5.

   Basic concepts for Android malware analysis
   6.

   Analysis approach
   7.

   Where to find new samples ?


This is intended to be an interactive session with demos sprinkled in
between the topics. There might be slight additions to the final session
but the topics mentioned about will be the meat of the talk

Material needed:

A laptop powerful enough to run a Linux Virtual Machine, we will be using
Santoku 0.5 as it comes pre-installed with few tools. Want to use a
different Linux flavor ? You are welcome to install the tools mentioned
below on your choice of Linux.

(I will keep a USB with these tools handy so please ensure you have Admin
access to your machine with external USB allowed)

Download instructions for tolls needed during the session:

https://github.com/sk3ptre/OWASP_MobileMalwareSession

I will add more content to this repository and try to include all the
necessary things in this repository itself in an effort to reduce
downloading things from multiple places

About the speaker:

Anish is a Researcher at SonicWall, a cyber-security company that provides
internet security solutions. After working on Windows malware for a while
he has moved onto Android malware after recognizing the rapid growth of
malicious activity in this new area.


Again, please fill the registration form to register:-
https://goo.gl/forms/Juvbfmv6quTlORcz1


Regards

Prashant
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-bayarea/attachments/20190113/68353977/attachment.html>

From kvprashant at owasp.org  Mon Jan 28 22:28:54 2019
From: kvprashant at owasp.org (Prashant Kv)
Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2019 14:28:54 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-bayarea] Hands-on event 30 jan "Introduction to binary
	exploitation."
Message-ID: <CAAf4JyQVLPqw3tBD7LtrOY5ZuwjkpJf91MQprZ7SepjQTGS-yA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,
We will have a hands-on session on Introduction to binary exploitation. If
you ever wanted to start writing exploits, this will be a good course to
start with. No form this time :)

Date:- Wednesday, January 30, 2019 6:00 PM to 8:00 PM
Venue Arkose Labs 250 Montgomery St ? San Francisco, ca
No form this time :)

In this hands-on session we are going to get an insight into the world of
binary exploitation. As the topic itself is quite complex and deep, we
don?t aim at digging into the details of any of the memory corruption
errors (e.g., stack or heap overflow). Rather the goal is to get a bit of
understanding of CPU internals, the assembly language, the goal of
debuggers, program memory layouts and basic exploitation techniques. This
information will help us to analyze binaries together and find ways to
misuse them. This session intends to give an appetizer to those who spend
most of their time with recent web technologies, but interested to
understand a little bit the nature of the underlying native world. The
exercises are going to be hosted on the Avatao framework, so everybody can
easily join to solve them.

Requirements:
- Browser with internet access

Trainer:

G?bor is a co-founder and CTO at Avatao, a cloud-based virtual lab to teach
people build secure software and systems. He earned his Ph.D. degree in
2015 from the CrySyS Lab of Budapest University of Technology and
Economics, but completed internships at iSecLab at Eurecom, France and TU
Wien, Austria, too. His main research focus was on malware analysis and
virtualization security. One of the vulnerabilities he found
(XSA-59/CVE-2013-3495) affected several Intel chipsets that enabled attacks
against hypervisors such as Xen or KVM. He was one of the key members of
the Duqu, Flame, Miniduke and Teamspy targeted attack investigation teams.
He founded and coordinated CrySyS Student Core for almost 5 years, which
was an invite-only group of exceptionally talented students interested in
system security. This group gave birth to the "!SpamAndHex" (
https://ctftime.org/team/5347) CTF team, which became one of the top teams
in the world in 2 years. As a member of !SpamAndHex he is a three-times
DEFCON CTF finalist, that is widely regarded as the hacker world
championship. Over the years, he gave talks at several cyber security
conferences in the academia (e.g., ACM AsiaCCS, ESORICS, USENIX ASE ) and
industry (e.g., DevSecCon, POC, Belluminar, Hacktivity).

Regards
Prashant
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-bayarea/attachments/20190128/ad3e0315/attachment.html>

