From hw at hardwear.io  Fri Mar 10 07:53:43 2017
From: hw at hardwear.io (Hardwear Team)
Date: Fri, 10 Mar 2017 13:23:43 +0530
Subject: [Owasp-norway] Hardwear.io Security Conference Call For Papers 2017
	is Open
Message-ID: <CAMUeWmhKJU_T_-h77dM3fYgXUrriiNY2iFu=mX1nx8MbVfiDig@mail.gmail.com>

Dear Hackers and Security Gurus!

Greetings from hardwear.io Conference 2017!

We?re glad to announce that hardwear.io 2017 Call For Papers is now
open! We are seeking innovative research on hardware security. If you
have done interesting research on attacks or mitigation on any
Hardware and want to showcase it to the security community, just
submit your research paper. Please find all the relevant details for
the submission below.

hardwear.io Security Conference (http://hardwear.io/) is a platform
for hardware and security community where researchers showcase and
discuss their innovative research on attacking and defending hardware.
The objective of the conference revolves around four key concerns in
hardware, firmware and related protocols i.e. backdoors, exploits,
trust and attacks (BETA).

SUBMISSION FORM

Fill the following Google form: https://goo.gl/forms/ziL8FiHAhCizICxb2

Important dates:
CFP Opens: 15th Feb 2017
CFP Closing Date: 20 May 2017
Final list of speakers online: 15th June 2017
Training: 19th ? 20th Sept 2017
Conference: 21st ? 22nd Sept 2017

Conference venue:
NH DEN HAAG
Prinses Margrietplantsoen 100
2595 BR Den Haag
The Netherlands

Topics:
hardwear.io accepts papers on any topic that discusses in-depth
hardware and firmware security both from the offensive as well as
defensive perspective. Some of the topics of interest include (but not
limited to):
Integrated Circuits
Processors
Internet of Things/Smart Devices
Hardware crypto
Embedded Systems
Automobile, Airplane, train automation systems and hardware components
Industrial Control Systems/SCADA Systems
Satellite Systems
Medical Devices
Smartphone firmware, hardware
Firmware
Hardware pentesting
Trusted Platform Module
Radio communication Protocols and hardware
Hardware Trust and assurance algorithms
Multimedia hardware, firmware, protocols
Telecom Hardware/Networks
Electronic/Physical Locks

Categories:
? New/published Research (40 mins ? 1 hr) - new research or already
published research, is a deep knowledge technical track that includes
new research, vulnerabilities, zero days, exploits, already published
research (no travel benefit for already published work, sorry!).
? Open Source Hardware/Firmware/Tool (40 mins ? 1 hr) - Comprises of
open source security tools, exploits, hardware etc. This is an
excellent opportunity for the original authors to showcase their work
to the world.
? Sub-event - Workshops, Challenge, Recreation or Village.
Please note that travel reimbursement is only provided to New research
work i.e. which is not published yet.

Speaker Benefits:
1) For the New Research work (not published/presented anywhere prior
to nullcon - New version/update/enhancement of already
published/presented research will be considered as published research)
1.Travel Reimbursement (Either actuals or the below mentioned amounts,
whichever is less)
a. Speaker travelling from outside Europe (Based on actuals or Euro
1000 whichever is less)
b. Speaker travelling from within Europe (Based on actuals or Euro 250
whichever is less)
c. If your employer can afford (or pays for) your travel, we will not
reimburse anything from our end i.e. we will only reimburse if no one
is sponsoring your travel.
d. Please provide the receipts/invoice of the travel along with
tickets for reimbursement.
2.Complimentary Accommodation for 3 nights.
3.Complimentary conference pass.
4.Invitation to hardwear.io party.
2) For the published Research/open source Hardware or Tool/Sub-event Category
1.Complimentary accommodation near the venue for 3 nights.
2.Complimentary conference pass.
3.Invitation to hardwear.io party.

SUBMISSION FORM
Fill the following Google form: https://goo.gl/forms/ziL8FiHAhCizICxb2

NOTE
Only the original authors should submit their research and any
submission from a third party will be rejected. The Abstract should
clearly mention the techniques and hacks in detail and merely
mentioning that it works will not help in understanding the research
to its full extent. Product/company marketing and pitches will be
rejected. We request you not to submit any product specific talk.

Thank you for cooperation! We are looking forward to receiving your
research papers!

Best regards,
Yuliya Pliavaka

From josteitv at gmail.com  Sun Mar 19 20:22:00 2017
From: josteitv at gmail.com (Jostein Tveit)
Date: Sun, 19 Mar 2017 21:22:00 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-norway] #ToyFail: Is you child safe from the Internet of
 Things? / Broken Crypto is Broken
Message-ID: <CANhiuf2T8K1PQrMEAZ6Yw9kTsfyAw6ujCgoDREx1rT8NgWgT+g@mail.gmail.com>

Hei!

Vi har to spennende foredrag på planen nå i mars. Håper vi sees!

Påmelding på https://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Norway/events/238542931/ eller
ved å sende en epost til josteitv at gmail.com.

Tid: torsdag 30. mars kl 17:00 - 19:00
Sted: Bouvet, Sørkedalsveien 8, Oslo

#ToyFail: Is you child safe from the Internet of Things?

Martin Gravråk - Software Developer & Kristian Løken Wille - IT Consultant
@ Bouvet

Security and Privacy are two major concerns with the Internet of Things,
and are especially important when children are involved. In this session,
we?ll tell you what happened when the Norwegian Consumer Council asked us
to investigate the inner workings of a selection of internet connected
toys. Our findings shocked both us and our customer, and lead to worldwide
media coverage. We?ll share our methods for testing the toys, and show you
examples of what we found. You?ll also learn about various techniques for
finding out how secure your own devices are, what these devices know about
you and where this information ends up. There will be demonstrations on how
we use tools like Fidder, WireShark and Decompilers, there will be movies
and there will be toys!


Broken crypto is broken

Erlend Oftedal

We using an increasing amount of crypto in our code to protect our assets.
However we can easily go wrong if we don't know how to use it correctly. In
this talk we will look at what can go wrong when crypto is used the wrong
way. We will NOT dive into the algorithms themselves, but look at what the
different primitives give us and what happens when our expectations are
wrong.
-------------- neste del --------------
Et HTML-vedlegg ble skilt ut...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-norway/attachments/20170319/796093b9/attachment.html>

