From david.nester at owasp.org  Wed Jul 29 16:21:00 2009
From: david.nester at owasp.org (David Nester)
Date: Wed, 29 Jul 2009 15:21:00 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-Houston] OWASP Houston Meeting :: August 12, 2009
Message-ID: <75ca934b0907291321m682e5b05pe940ac6e2c5b6a2b@mail.gmail.com>

*All,

Our next OWASP Houston event will be held on August 12, 2009 at 6:00pm with
our special guest, Shohn Tojacek.


IMPORTANT NOTES!


   1. OWASP Houston has a new home for meetings which is located at the
   bottom of this email (so if you show up at the Microsoft Building, you will
   be in the wrong place).  ;)
   2. Please RSVP for the event!  We need to have an
   accurate count of attendees so if you plan to be there, please RSVP.  If you
   do not plan to be there, please do not RSVP.
   3. Please download a parking permit from the link provided at the bottom
   of this email.  If you do not have a parking permit....we do not know what
   they might do to your car.
   4.  You will be receiving an official invitation with calendar invite
   from the system so please be on the lookout for the email.



SharePoint Auditing and Penetration Testing by Shohn Tojacek
*
Gartner predicts SharePoint will eventually replace network file shares.
This makes sense due to the feature-rich environment, ease of use, and
collaborative benefits.  However, the default security model allows for all
site users to have read access to all documents.  Further, Microsoft gives
you base functionality in Windows Server using Windows SharePoint Services
(WSS); but to really leverage SharePoint you probably want to use Microsoft
Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) that allows for integration with MS Office
documents.  Now you have all your company's documents in a single repository
that has functionality that can enable different teams to 'build' their own
portal and apply their own security model.

In this talk we will explore the possibilities of SharePoint and the
security implications for your business and how you might address them.

*
**About Our Presenter:
*
Shohn heads up the IT security services offerings of PivotPoint Solutions
including consulting, auditing, and penetration testing / security
assessment of most modern technologies including Web based applications.
 His current experiences and security and audit background provide a more
balanced view from both audit and an implementation standpoint.

Shohn is the Information Systems Director for PivotPoint Solutions. He is
responsible for overseeing all aspects of IT infrastructure operations,
administration, security, budgeting, and overall governance. He currently
manages more than 40 Terabytes of storage, 50 independent systems, multiple
networks, and employees. Management of and direct involvement in projects
over the design, testing, and implementation of various technologies and
associated policies and procedures.  Prior to PivotPoint Solutions, Shohn
was a Manager in KPMG's Southwest Risk Advisory Services practice.  His
primary area of expertise was in security assessments over technical
infrastructure. He also has experience with other IT audits including
SAS70s, application reviews, business process reviews, computer operations,
general controls reviews, and system development


*Time: *
6:00-7:30 Welcome, Announcements and Presentation

*Location:  *
The new OWASP meeting physical address is:
Houston Community College (HCC)
1010 West Sam Houston Parkway North
Spring Branch Campus Commons
Houston, TX 77043


*Please download a parking permit for the event at:*

        http://owasp.icrew.org/downloads/hccparking.pdf


OWASP Houston
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-houston/attachments/20090729/59840fd0/attachment.html 

