From nsuddeath at alertlogic.com  Tue May  1 18:37:27 2012
From: nsuddeath at alertlogic.com (Nathan Suddeath)
Date: Tue, 1 May 2012 13:37:27 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-Houston] Alert Logic is Hiring! Seeking a Sr. QA Automation
	Engineer
Message-ID: <B82CE0B9E0DF884C81C53E985EB3E8F34EB1AE177C@34093-MBX-C13.mex07a.mlsrvr.com>

Alert Logic is growing!  Looking for a SR. QA Automation Engineer that has Object Oriented Scripting experience, as well as experience working on Linux.  Please apply online or shoot me a message for further details!

http://budurl.com/SRSOFTDEVENGTEST

Alert Logic Security-as-a-Service offers service providers and enterprise customer?s four distinct advantages: market leading security tools, a fully outsourced and managed SaaS delivery model, integrated 24x7 Security Operations Center (SOC) services to monitor and provide expert guidance, and the ability to deploy wherever a customer has IT infrastructure -- including the cloud. With more than half of the largest managed hosting and cloud service providers using these services to secure their customer environments, Alert Logic is increasingly viewed as the de facto standard for securing infrastructure in hosted and cloud environments.

 Responsibilities:
 ?Writing object oriented code to do automated testing
?Integrating with automated regression test suites
?Building and maintaining automation framework
?Configuring test environments
?Performing complex test data loads

Required Skills:
?Passion for breaking stuff
?3+ years? experience in testing and software development roles
?Knowledge of generally accepted test methodologies and standard test phases
?Ability to code in an Object Oriented Language
?Ability to code in an Xunit environment (includes NUnit, JUnit, CUnit, etc..)
?Ability to write scripts that construct automated system tests
?Ability to read product code in several programming languages with the objective of writing tests that exercise both the main intent as well as corner cases.
?Working knowledge of Linux

 Preferred Skills:
?Bachelor?s degree in CS, CE or other technical field.
?Ability to write test code in either PHP or Erlang.
?Experience working with Software / Platforms / Infrastructure as-a-service cloud environments
?Familiarity with application security technologies
?Experience testing on high throughput, high availability server software


Nathan Suddeath
Technical Recruiter
Alert Logic, Inc.

E:  nsuddeath at alertlogic.com  

