From joseph.konieczka at owasp.org  Tue Feb 27 20:02:49 2018
From: joseph.konieczka at owasp.org (Joseph Konieczka)
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2018 14:02:49 -0600
Subject: [Owasp-Houston] Last chance to RSVP -- Meeting TOMORROW: App
 Security Really Will Make You Money!
Message-ID: <CAN2198R3Ubi6q9vGVoEB7Tnrte1i_3jeFn7urk=gh3fqHtW2xg@mail.gmail.com>

Please RSVP so that we know how much pizza to order tomorrow.
Please use this eventbrite link to sign up.
https://hjug02282018.eventbrite.com/?aff=owasp


App Security Really Will Make You Money!

OWASP Houston February Chapter Meeting
Wed, February 28, 2018
6:30 PM ? 8:30 PM

We're once again partnering with the Houston Java Users Group (HJUG) for
the annual application security meeting. The meeting will be held at PROS
and there is plenty of room for everyone there.




DESCRIPTION
When organizations think of application security they typically think of
technology features and functions. In this talk Checkmarx discusses how
Application Security can actually help drive an organization's bottom line
and internal processes. In this age of ever expanding risk to
organizations, Application Security can be used to expand your customer
base, drive compliance, and expand the knowledge of an organization's
executives and employees.

Meeting Location: PROS
3100 Main
2nd floor
Room B
Houston, TX 77002



Meeting Sponsor: Checkmarx, Inc

Checkmarx, founded in 2006, is a leader in application security solutions,
having developed the first platform for true Source Code Analysis (SCA)
with its marquee solution: Static Application SecurityTesting (SAST).
Our mission is in enabling organizations to secure applications from the
start, reducing risk and cost along the way.
Our platforms offer maximum application security for software developers
and securityexperts throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC),
in both Enterprise and Cloud platform models. Amongst the company's 1,500 +
customers are 5 of the world's top 10 software vendors and many Fortune 500
and government organizations, including SAP, Samsung, and Salesforce.com.
Developers advocate for Checkmarx because we enable agile/continuous
integration, are easy to use and help them achieve a secure SDLC posture.
Security likes us because developers love us?and we also map to the latest
security frameworks and compliance mandates.

For more information about Checkmarx, visit http://www.checkmarx.com or
follow us on twitter: @checkmarx


About our venue sponsor:
PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) helps companies around the globe realize
their revenue profit potential.
PROS is the only company with a solution portfolio that improves top- and
bottom-line financial results simultaneously.
B2B and B2C companies count on our sales, pricing and revenue management
solutions to accelerate sales, formulate winning pricing strategies and
align product, demand and availability.
As the largest publicly traded software company in Houston, PROS is proud
of our world-class R&D team that?s more than 300 team members strong.
Our company culture values ownership, innovation and a relentless
commitment to ?We Care.?
Ask anyone about the best part of working at PROS, and the answer will be
?our people.?
PROS employees are the most caring, committed, knowledgeable and talented
technology professionals around. We wouldn?t have it any other way.
Java is the backbone of all our products.
We?re continually looking for ways to remain on the cutting edge of
technology, and we?re proud to be supporters and sponsors of Houston?s
growing developer community.

To find out more about what PROS is all about, please visit our website at
www.pros.com.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-houston/attachments/20180227/eb92f1c4/attachment.html>

