From JMcGovern at virtusa.com  Fri Jan 28 11:18:03 2011
From: JMcGovern at virtusa.com (James McGovern)
Date: Fri, 28 Jan 2011 11:18:03 -0500
Subject: [OWASP Hartford] FW: [Owasp-boston] OWASP Boston Feb. meeting 2/2
Message-ID: <3D0018576183C3499481587FAE0BAAF808EBEEFD@ws-mailsvr.Virtusa.com>

I will be making plans to attend the Boston meeting (weather
permitting). If anyone wants to carpool, please let me know...

 

From: owasp-boston-bounces at lists.owasp.org
[mailto:owasp-boston-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of Weiler, Jim
Sent: Thursday, January 27, 2011 3:26 PM
To: owasp-boston at lists.owasp.org;
owasp-bostonfinancialdist at lists.owasp.org;
announcements-boston at naisg.org
Subject: [Owasp-boston] OWASP Boston Feb. meeting 2/2

 

Rob Cheyne, CEO of Safelight Security - 

 

Security Leadership series: Delivering a successful security
presentation

Presentation and training skills are critical in any field, but are
especially important for security.  OWASP participants consist of
current and future information security leaders who absolutely must be
able to effectively communicate security topics to others in their
organizations.

 

Anyone can be an effective presenter, but few people take the time to
hone this critical skill.  Rob Cheyne, CEO, Safelight Security, will
present a special train-the-trainer session where he will divulge the
secrets of a successful security or technical presentation.  Come and
learn how to move beyond "death by powerpoint", and be ready to
challenge everything you know about giving a technical presentation.

 

Part 1 (6:30-7pm):

Rob will cover a basic information security topic using traditional
presentation and training methods and then he will re-teach the same
topic using modern accelerated learning techniques.  He's going to keep
the topic a secret until you get there, so you'll have to show up to see
what it is.  Hint: the topic itself is not the point.

 

Part 2 (7-9pm):

Accelerated learning debrief. Rob will teach you how to be a more
effective presenter by breaking down the key elements of a successful
presentation or training.  OWASP participants can directly use these
techniques to make their own security and technical presentations more
effective.   He will break down his security topic from part 1 and
explain the presentation and training techniques one by one.  This will
be like having the magician pull a rabbit out of the hat and then
explain in detail how he did the trick.

 

This is a special, pre-RSA warm-up talk that may never be repeated. If
you've ever struggled to give an effective technical presentation,
please make every effort to attend.  You will get the most value from
this talk if you can show up early to participate in both parts 1 and 2.
Please show up ready to have some fun and participate fully in an
interactive and entertaining discussion.  And there will be pizza.  What
more could you ask for?  :-)

 

FYI - it's possible (but not guaranteed) that a brave volunteer will be
chosen to present an arbitrary 5-minute technical topic that they are
familiar with for demonstration purposes. 

 

Bio:

Rob Cheyne speaks regularly at security conferences, and is a regular
presenter at the OWASP Boston chapter.  Over the years, he has trained
well over 10,000 people on various information security topics. He is a
former @stake hacker and co-founder who has been fortunate to work with
some really smart people and is passionate about sharing what he has
learned.  He is currently the CEO of Safelight Security, a leading
provider of custom information security education programs that
integrates deep security expertise with innovative approaches to
interactive learning.  Rob is also on the advisory boards for the
Source: Boston and Source: Seattle security conferences.

 

Pizza will be sponsored by Safelight Security.

 

Location - Microsoft offices at the Waltham Weston Corporate Center, 201
Jones Rd., Sixth Floor Waltham, MA. 

From Rt. 128 North take exit 26 toward Waltham, East up the hill on Rt.
20. From Rt 128 South take exit 26 but go around the rotary to get

to 20 East to Waltham. Follow signs for Rt. 117 (left at the second
light). When you get to 117 turn left (West). 

You will cross back over Rt. 128. Jones Rd. (look for the Waltham Weston
Corporate Center sign) is the second left, at a blinking yellow light,
on Rt. 117

going west about 0.1 miles from Rt. 128 (I95). The office building is at
the bottom of Jones Rd. 

Best parking is to turn right just before the building and park in the
back. Knock on the door to get the security guard to open it. The room
is MPR C. 

 

 

Jim Weiler   CISSP  CSSLP  GSSP-Java

Starwood Hotels and Resorts

Sr. Mgr. Information Security Risk Assessment

Office - 781 356 0067

Cell - 781 654 6048

 


This electronic message transmission contains information from the
Company that may be proprietary, confidential and/or privileged. The
information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) or entity
named above. If you are not the intended recipient, be aware that any
disclosure, copying or distribution or use of the contents of this
information is prohibited. If you have received this electronic
transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying
to the address listed in the "From:" field. 


Virtusa was recently ranked and featured in 2010 Deloitte Technology Fast 500, 2010 Global Services 100, IAOP's 2010 Global Outsourcing 100 sub-list and 2010 FinTech 100 among others.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This message, including any attachments, contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is intended for the addressee only. Any unauthorized disclosure, use, dissemination, copying, or distribution of this message or any of its attachments or the information contained in this e-mail, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and delete this message.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-hartford/attachments/20110128/0749c84c/attachment.html 

