From james.mcgovern at hp.com  Thu Nov 14 20:38:50 2013
From: james.mcgovern at hp.com (McGovern, James)
Date: Thu, 14 Nov 2013 20:38:50 +0000
Subject: [OWASP Hartford] Platform Development Panel: State of the Art and
 Crossover Opportunities
Message-ID: <F0F009F1537F7948B0D9499C2FE5C5351C2C10E3@G6W2478.americas.hpqcorp.net>

The Greater Hartford ACM Chapter is proud to announce their November general meeting on Tuesday November 19th at 6:00 pm. You DO NOT have to be an ACM member to attend.

Registration<https://www.eventbrite.com/e/platform-development-panel-state-of-the-art-and-crossover-opportunities-tickets-9310252215>

Date: Tuesday November 19, 2013
Time: 6:00 pm
Location: Student Center Room SC225, Quinnipiac University (Hamden, CT)

Abstract

Technology changes relentlessly and it is hard to keep-up. All too often we lose sight of the bigger picture, not realizing that our skills have become obsolete or that the industry has changed until it is too late. For this meeting we will have a panel representing several major platforms including Microsoft, Java, Android, iOS, and HTML5/JavaScript. Each panelist will give a 15 minute update on their respective technology/platform. You will learn what's new, what has changed, and what is coming so you can better prepare yourself. After each panelist has presented, the discussion will shift to the relationships between the different technologies and take your questions. Come prepared with questions and ideas.

About the Panelists

Java - Ryan Cuprak is an e-formulation analyst at Dassault Systemes, author of the NetBeans Certification Guide from McGrall-Hill, and president of the Connecticut Java Users Group since 2003. He is also a JavaOne 2011 Rockstar Presenter. At Dassault Systems he is focused on developing data integrations to convert clients' data and also user interface development. Prior to joining DS he worked for a startup distributed-computing company, TurboWorx, and Eastman Kodak's Molecular Imaging Systems group, now part of Carestream Health. At TurboWorx he was a Java developer and also a technical sales engineer supporting both presales and professional services. Cuprak has earned a BS in computer science and biology from Loyola University Chicago. He is a Sun Certified NetBeans IDE Specialist.

Javascript - Scott Sauyet has been programming 15 years, in recent ones focusing on Javascript on both the client and server. A big fan of functional programming, he is currently working on a functional programming library for Javascript.

Microsoft - Joshua Drew is a Senior Technical Evangelist for Microsoft where he is responsible for promoting the development across the Windows ecosystem all over New England. Joshua focuses on Windows 8 and Windows Phone application and gaming development using native languages, such as C# or hybrid development using HTML5/JavaScript. As an evangelist, Joshua works with professional developers and students at workshops and on-premise events to help develop apps and games along with providing guidance on user experience design, marketing and promotion.

Mobile - Aaron Junod is a long time systems architect with experience in a wide array of industries, and a primary focus on health technology. After designing and engineering back end systems for many years he switched focus to usability and mobile design and engineering. Now he is a founding partner with SmartPath Labs where he focuses on helping innovative projects succeed, and helps groom their own product portfolio.

iOS & Android - Mike Tedesco is a Chief Technologist with 20 years of experience developing apps. He started his career in the founding technical team of Priceline.com, using an early implementation of Java to power their Airline Ticket Booking System. Since then, he held CTO positions in several startups in e-Commerce and Digital Media, and even ran World Wrestling Entertainment's dot-com and mobile businesses from both a Technology and Product Development perspective. Currently, Mike's company Venturesoft LLC focuses on developing native iOS and Android apps for companies in the medical, health, and personal finance spaces. Mike is a hands-on technologist with experience in Java, Objective C, and relevant mobile frameworks to support iOS and Android app development.

About the Venue

The talk will be held in Student Center Room SC225 at Quinnipiac University. There is parking behind the Student Center and around campus (Directions to the Mt Carmel campus<http://www.quinnipiac.edu/about/visit-quinnipiac/directions-and-travel-information/>). Visitors can park at the main parking lots after 4:00pm, as well as the Visitors' Parking, accessed through the "Harwood Gate" about 100 yards west of the main entrance on Mount Carmel Ave. Refreshments of pizza and soda will be provided.

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-hartford/attachments/20131114/ee3e297b/attachment.html>

From james.mcgovern at hp.com  Thu Nov 28 16:08:49 2013
From: james.mcgovern at hp.com (McGovern, James)
Date: Thu, 28 Nov 2013 16:08:49 +0000
Subject: [OWASP Hartford] OWASP on the Beach
Message-ID: <F0F009F1537F7948B0D9499C2FE5C5351C2F03A8@G6W2478.americas.hpqcorp.net>

The Los Angeles OWASP chapter leader would like you to know that his chapter is holding a two day event on the beach (literally) on January 27th and 28th. It will be held at the Annenberg Community Beach House: See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Loci904axEQ

Only $50 for OWASP members (https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Individual_Member)  to attend. They have lined up noted speakers such as Jeremiah Grossman, Gene Kim and Jack Mannino. Consider convincing your boss that no other conference will increase your knowledge of Application Security (of course you are permitted to stay warm)..

Cheers

PS. The next scheduled meeting in Hartford is in March. We will have a few folks from KPMG sharing a few perspectives on enterprise appsec issues frequently seen in Insurance and Healthcare...
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-hartford/attachments/20131128/d21305f4/attachment.html>

