From cassio at owasp.org  Tue Feb 17 11:30:02 2009
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Tue, 17 Feb 2009 08:30:02 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Cloud Computing and Security - Tomorrow!
Message-ID: <157ecc300902170830m31ac3f44u86b8d3da146bf421@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Everyone,

*Alex Stamos*, co-founder and partner at iSec partners will be talking about
*Cloud Computing and Security* at our OWASP meeting tomorrow. This is
currently (imho) one of the hottest topics in the industry and you sure
don't want to miss it! If you intend to attend, please send me an email -
iSec will be sposoring pizza and we need a somewhat accurate number of
attendants to order food.

*   Meeting Location
*   Symantec Corporation
   900 Corporate Pointe
   Culver City, CA 90230
   Laguna Conference Room

*   Date:*
   February 18th, 2009 7:30PM (Pizza, sponsored by iSec Partners, will be
served 7:15PM)

*Abstract:*
The Cloud Computing and Software as a Service models are driving many
companies to build innovative, scalable and cost effective alternatives to
the traditional IT computing model. Even with the potential cost and
scalability benefits of cloud computing, its use by more traditional
enterprises has been retarded by the concerns of their professional security
and audit staffs. In our experience these concerns are legitimate, and
although surveys have shown that security is the #1 factor preventing
adoption of cloud computing, there has been very little reliable discussion
of the technical security risks inherent in the model and how engineers,
sys-admins and architects can deal with these risks.
In this session, we will explore the widely differing security models of the
leading cloud computing providers, including Amazon, Google and Salesforce.
We will also reveal the significant differences in operational and
application security practices necessary to deal with a cloud computing
environment.

*Alex Stamos *is a co-founder and Partner at iSEC Partners Inc., a strategic
digital security organization. Alex is an experienced security engineer
specializing in solving difficult problems in application security and is a
leading researcher in the field of web application and mobile security. He
has been a featured speaker at top industry conferences such as Black Hat,
Web 2.0 Expo, CanSecWest, DefCon, SyScan, SD Best Practices, Microsoft
BlueHat and OWASP App Sec. Alex is a contributing author to "Hacking
Exposed: Web 2.0" and an author of the upcoming book "Mobile Application
Security", both from McGraw-Hill. He holds a BSEE from the University of
California, Berkeley.

See you tomorrow,
Cassio
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20090217/be74c4c8/attachment.html 

