From recruiter at williamlandry.com  Fri Aug 14 12:34:45 2009
From: recruiter at williamlandry.com (Bill Landry)
Date: Fri, 14 Aug 2009 11:34:45 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Security Job Opportunity in Chicago
Message-ID: <7.0.1.0.2.20090814113425.03a0a490@williamlandry.com>

Hello All,

My name is Bill Landry and I am recruiting for a company here in 
Chicago that is looking to fill a senior level enterprise security 
engineer/architect.  The position requires a strong foundation with 
networking , security and recent hands on technical 
experience.  Experience implementing the ArcSight products is a big 
plus.  If you have any questions or would like to discuss this 
position you can email me at recruiter at williamlandry.com or call 
630-963-1557.  The position description is below.

Thanks,
Bill.

Senior Enterprise Security Engineer/Architect
This is a full-time permanent position  located in Chicago, IL

Basic Function:

This position co-leads development of the enterprise security 
Services for large-scale infrastructure solutions (systems and/or 
networks as well). Designing, implementing, and continuous updating 
to security consulting process in support of enterprise information 
security policies & standards. Provides Solutions to resolve gaps in 
security; provides architecture and infrastructure guidance for 
applications, operating systems and networks. Apply expertise in 
developing conceptual, logical, and technical security architecture 
artifacts, knowledge of a variety of hardware and software security 
capabilities and features, and an ability to resolve security and 
non-security requirement conflicts.

Job Requirements:
1)  4+ years hands-on experience in technical security control 
architecture, design, information security solution engineering, 
security technology implementation, and security service delivery role
2)  4+ years experience in security engineering, including security 
testing and evaluation, requirements, logical and physical 
architecture design;
3)  Knowledge of service-oriented architecture concepts;
4)  In-depth expertise of Security Event Management solutions from 
the requirements/design to implementation phases of the development;
5)  Ability to collaborate with team leads, clients, engineers, and 
developers to appropriately translate functional needs into technical 
security requirements;
6)  In depth hands-on experience in complex enterprise architectures 
lock downs;
7)  knowledge of the Inner workings and security aspects of variety 
of Application Servers, Web Servers, Media/Content Servers, Messaging 
Servers, Database Servers, Integration Servers, etc.;
8)  Effective oral and written communication skills;
9)  Technical writing, documentation development, process mapping, 
and visual communication skills;

Experienced with as much of the following as possible-

Development languages: C, C++, C#, Java, UML, XML, XSLT, applied in 
Object Oriented (OO) n-tier application development environment;

Application frameworks and their built-in security services & API's: 
J2EE, Web Sphere, COM+, .NET, or others;

General application security API's and protocols: GSS-API, MS 
CryptoAPI, PAM, Kerberos, DCE Security Service, SSL/TLS, SAML, 
S/MIME, PKCS API's, or others;

Application authentication & authorization systems: Netegrity 
SiteMinder, RSA ClearTrust, Entrust GetAccess, Oblix NetPoint, or others;

Built-in security functions and services of application 
infrastructure components: Oracle, DB2/UDB, MS IIS, MS BizTalk 
Server, MS Integration Server, IBM WebSphere, iPlanet Directory, MS 
Active Directory, SAP R/3, Vitria BusinessWare, IBM MQSeries, MSMQ, 
MS Exchange, BEA WebLogic, or others;

Embedded Operating Systems security controls including Windows XP, 
Windows 2003, AIX, Solaris, Z/OS, AS/400, and others.


Big Plusses-

Expertise with systems and solutions based on ArcSight line of products,
Experience in managed health care, insurance industry or within 
financial services industry (Insurance, Banking, Investments).

For further information please contact Bill Landry at 
recruiter at williamlandry.com or 630-963-1557 
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20090814/1f73892f/attachment.html 

From cassio at owasp.org  Wed Aug 19 14:28:10 2009
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Wed, 19 Aug 2009 11:28:10 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP Meeting tomorrow: The Software Assurance
	Maturity Model
Message-ID: <157ecc300908191128q79b16aah4168229bd3abc072@mail.gmail.com>

Everyone,

The note is just to remind everyone Pravir Chandra will be presenting the
Software Assurance Maturity Model (SAMM) at our meeting tomorrow, Thursday
August 20th 7:30PM at Symantec Campus. Meetings are always free, parking is
free and we'll be ordering pizza (also free). Please RSVP to me if you
intend to join.


*The Software Assurance Maturity Model (SAMM)*

The Software Assurance Maturity Model (SAMM) (http://www.opensamm.org) is a
flexible and prescriptive framework for building security into a software
development organization. Covering more than typical SDLC-based models for
security, SAMM enables organizations to self-assess their security assurance
program and then use recommended roadmaps to improve in a way that's aligned
to the specific risks facing the organization. Beyond that, SAMM enables
creation of scorecards for an organization's effectiveness at secure
software development throughout the typical governance, development, and
deployment business functions. Scorecards also enable management within an
organization to demonstrate quantitative improvements through iterations of
building a security assurance program. This workshop will introduce the SAMM
framework and walk through useful activities such as assessing an assurance
program, mapping an existing organization to a recommended roadmap, and
iteratively building an assurance program. Time allowing, additional case
studies will also be discussed. SAMM is an open and free project and has
recently been added under the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP)
Foundation.

*Pravir Chandra* is Director of Strategic Services at Fortify Software and
works with clients on software security assurance programs. Pravir is
recognized for his expertise in software security, code analysis, and his
ability to strategically apply technical knowledge. Prior to Fortify, he was
a Principal Consultant affiliated with Cigital and led large software
security programs at Fortune 500 companies. Pravir Co-Founded Secure
Software, Inc. and was Chief Security Architect prior to its acquisition by
Fortify. He recently created and led the Open Software Assurance Maturity
Model (OpenSAMM) project with the OWASP Foundation, leads the OWASP CLASP
project, and also serves as member of the OWASP Global Projects Committee.
Pravir is author of the book Network Security with OpenSSL.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20090819/d38df3c6/attachment.html 

From cassio at owasp.org  Mon Aug 24 17:31:00 2009
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Mon, 24 Aug 2009 14:31:00 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP AppSec Academia Symposium is Full!
Message-ID: <157ecc300908241431p64b4fe91ye492f26e93f23b0d@mail.gmail.com>

I saw this email at the same time I was about to remind everyone about the
OWASP AppSec Academia Symposium in Irvine. In any case, the waiting list is
still available.


*From:* Kate Hartmann [mailto:kate.hartmann at owasp.org]
*Sent:* Monday, August 24, 2009 10:45 AM
*To:* Kate Hartmann
*Subject:* OWASP AppSec Academia Symposium



It?s almost here!  This is just a quick reminder that you have registered
for the OWASP Application Security Academia Symposium.



Date:  Wednesday 8/26/09

Time:  9:30am-6:30pm  (Note the time change)



Complete event information can be found here:
http://www.owasp.org/index.php/AppSec_Academia_Symposium



The response to the event has been outstanding!  We have reached our maximum
number of attendees!  That having been said, if you are unable to attend the
event, please let me know.  There is a waiting list to attend!



Thank you, and I hope you are amazed by the presentations.  It should be a
great event.



Kate Hartmann

OWASP Operations Director

9175 Guilford Road

Suite 300

Columbia, MD  21046



301-275-9403

kate.hartmann at owasp.org

Skype:  kate.hartmann1
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20090824/fa6d462d/attachment.html 

