From nullcon at nullcon.net  Wed Sep  1 15:21:41 2010
From: nullcon at nullcon.net (nullcon)
Date: Thu, 2 Sep 2010 00:51:41 +0530
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] nullcon Goa dwitiya (2.0) Call For Papers
Message-ID: <AANLkTim92--Q9yVY_4n3CcptDuQoLWaSaYPcziPCqtKt@mail.gmail.com>

nullcon Dwitiya (2.0)
The Jugaad(hacking) Conference

nullcon is an initiative by null - The open security community.
(http://www.null.co.in)

Website:
http://nullcon.net

Calling all Jugaadus(hackers)
It's the time of the year when we welcome research done by the
community as paper submissions for nullcon.
So, sip your coffee, dust your debuggers, fire your tools, challenge
your grey cells and shoot us an email.

Tracks:
---------------
- Bakkar:         1 Hr Talks
- Tez:              5-30 min Talks
- Karyashala:   2-4 Hrs Workshop
- Desi Jugaad (Local Hack): 1 Hr

Submition Topics:
------------------------------
1. One of the topics of interest to us is "Desi Jugaad"(Local Hack)
and has a separate track of it's own. Submissions can be any kind of
local hacks that you have worked on (hints: electronic/mechanical
meters, automobile hacking, Hardware, mobile phones, lock-picking,
bypassing procedures and processes, etc, Be creative  :-D)

2. The topics pertaining to security and Hacking in the following
domains(but not limited to)
- Hardware (ex: RFID, Magnetic Strips, Card Readers, Mobile Devices,
Electronic Devices)
- Tools (open source)
- Programming/Software Development
- Networks
- Information Warfare
- Botnets, Malware
- Web
- New attack vectors
- Mobile, VOIP and Telecom
- VM
- Cloud
- Critical Infrastructure
- Satellite
- Wireless
- Forensics
- Cyber Laws

Submission Format:
------------------------------
Email the cfp to: cfp(_at_)nullcon.net
Subject should be: CFP Dwitiya <Paper Title>
Email Body:
- Name
- Handle
- Track & Time required
- Paper Title
- Country of residence
- Organization
- Contact no.
- Have you presented/submitted this talk at any other conference(s)?
- Why do you think your paper is different/innovative?
- Brief Profile ( <= 500 Words)
- Paper Abstract ( <= 3000 Words)

NOTE: The Abstract should clearly mention the techniques and hacks in
detail and merely mentioning that it works will not help in
understanding the research to it's full extent.


Important Dates:
------------------------------
CFP End Date:         30th November 2010
Speakers List Online: 10th December 2010
Conference Dates:     25th - 26th February 2011


Venue:
----------------
Goa, India
(Exact Venue TBD)


Speaker Benifits:
--------------------------------
For Tracks "Bakkar", "Desi Jugaad" and "Karyashala"
1. Free Accommodation for 3 nights
2. Travel (One way or Return depending on the Sponsorships :-) )
3. Free access to the conference.
4. Invitation to Mehfil-E-Mausiqi (null party)

For Track "Tez"
1. Free access to the conference.
2. Invitation to Mehfil-E-Mausiqi (null party)

* Only one speaker will be eligible for the benfits in case there are
two or more speakers for a talk.

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Mon Sep 20 02:48:50 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Sun, 19 Sep 2010 23:48:50 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] September meeting this Wednesday
Message-ID: <AANLkTikmoh9T8P8CrXKr3bsH02Gi9PMDCbj__=P8OJ9e@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP Friends,

Please don't forget that we have a joint meeting with ISSA Los Angeles
chapter this Wednesday.

Please see the following for the announcement from ISSA.

See you on Wednesday!

-- 
Wednesday Evening, September 22, 2010
6:00 PM to 8:30 PM

The Olympic Collection Banquet & Conference Center
11301 West Olympic Boulevard
West Los Angeles, CA 90064
(310) 575-4585

Topic 1:  Secure Coding Practices and Procedures
Speaker 1:  Miguel (Mike) O. Villegas, Director of Information
Security, Newegg, Inc

Abstract 1
Organizations process information over web applications that can be
often classified as sensitive, confidential, or considered
intellectual property. Web Application Firewalls (WAF) provide
protection for business critical data and web applications with an
automated and transparent approach to monitor and protect enterprise
data as it is accessed and transacted through applications. To augment
WAF filtering and vulnerability monitoring, many organizations have
developed or outsource secure code reviews and development.
Information Security at Newegg established their own .NET C# secure
coding standard, train and test our developers on secure coding, and
do their own secure code reviews with WebInspect and manual code
reviews.  They started to develop a web application threat modeling
approach but it is still in its infancy.  This presentation focuses on
the secure coding standard, satisfying PCI requirements for such, and
training / testing of developers in secure coding practices using
OWASP Top 10 Vulnerabilities as its foundation.

Topic 2: Title: Threat Modeling at Symantec
Speaker 2: Edward Bonver, Principal Software Engineer, Symantec
Research Labs, Office of the CTO, Symantec Corporation

Abstract 2
Threat Modeling is one of the most important security activities that
a development/QA team needs to perform as part of a Security
Development Lifecycle. This activity allows the team to build a
complete security profile of the system being built. Threat Modeling
is not always easy to get going for a team that has little or no
security experience. In this presentation we'll take a look at why
Threat Modeling is so important; we'll explore the process behind it,
and how the process is being implemented and followed across Symantec.

Bios
Miguel (Mike) O. Villegas is the Director of Information Security at
Newegg, Inc. and is responsible for Information Security, Business
Continuity Management, and PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data
Security Standard) compliance. Newegg, Inc. is a PCI Level 1 Merchant
and Service Provider. Mike has over 30 years of Information Systems
security and IT audit experience. He was previously Vice President &
Technology Risk Manager for Wells Fargo Services responsible for IT
Regulatory Compliance and was previously a partner at Arthur Andersen
and Ernst & Young for their information systems security and IS audit
groups over a span of nine years. Mike is a CISA, CISSP, and GSEC. Mr.
Villegas is the current LA ISACA Chapter President and was the SF
ISACA Chapter President during 2005-2006.  He was the SF Fall
Conference Co-Chair from 2002-2007 and also served for two years as
Vice President on the Board of Directors for ISACA International.

Edward Bonver is a principal software engineer on the product security
team, which is part of Symantec Research Labs under the Office of the
CTO at Symantec Corporation.  In this capacity, Edward is responsible
for working with software developers and quality assurance (QA)
professionals across Symantec to continuously enhance the company's
software security practices through the adoption of methodologies,
procedures and tools for secure coding and security testing.  Within
Symantec, Edward teaches secure coding and security testing classes
for Symantec engineers, and also leads the company's QA Security Task
Force, which he founded.  Prior to joining Symantec, Edward held
software engineering and QA roles at Digital Equipment Corporation,
and small networking companies.  Edward is a Certified Information
Systems Security Professional (CISSP), a Certified Secure Software
Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP), and is a professional member of the
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the
Association of Computing Machinery (ACM).  He holds a masters degree
in computer science from California State University, Northridge, and
a bachelor's degree in computer science from Rochester Institute of
Technology. Edward is a Ph.D. student at NOVA Southeastern University.

Program:
6:00 to 6:30 PM   Registration and Networking:
6:30 to 7:30 PM   Italian Dinner Buffet with Cash Soft Bar
7:30 to 8:30 PM   Program

Dinner Fees:
ISSA and OWASP members- with reservations by Monday September 20, 2010: $25
ISSA and OWASP members- without reservation: $30
Non-members with reservation: $30
Non-members without reservation: $35

RSVP online: http://www.issa-la.org/Default.aspx?id=1242

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Tue Sep 21 14:53:34 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Tue, 21 Sep 2010 11:53:34 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Joint meeting with ISSA-LA tomorrow
Message-ID: <AANLkTikERJ=vBMUqi8ptiWtMMR4UcJUEH9frzKHX7nvX@mail.gmail.com>

Please don't forget joint meeting with ISSA-LA tomorrow.

RSVP online: http://www.issa-la.org/Default.aspx?id=1242

Program:
6:00 to 6:30 PM   Registration and Networking:
6:30 to 7:30 PM   Italian Dinner Buffet with Cash Soft Bar
7:30 to 8:30 PM   Program

Dinner Fees:
ISSA and OWASP members: $30


-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

