From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Sat Jul 10 22:26:40 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Sat, 10 Jul 2010 19:26:40 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] July meeting: 7/21 7:30PM at Symantec office
Message-ID: <AANLkTim2wl7AnQkKmPt-7ZOLUol95MPnNmMlTAWKV88U@mail.gmail.com>

 How I Met Your Girlfriend: Entirely New Classes of Web Attacks

Meeting Location
Symantec Corporation
900 Corporate Pointe
Culver City, CA 90230

Please RSVP via Eventbrite (http://owaspla.eventbrite.com/)

Complimentary dinner will be served.

This meeting is sponsored by Citrix Systems (http://www.lacitrix.com/).

*Description:*

This includes using HTML5 client-side XSS (without XSS hitting the server!),
and my newly discovered attacks on PHP session hijacking and random numbers
(accurately guessing PHP session cookies), browser protocol confusion
(turning a browser into an SMTP server), firewall and NAT penetration via
Javascript (turning your router against you), remote iPhone Google Maps
hijacking (iPhone penetration combined with HTTP man-in-the-middle),
extracting extremely accurate geolocation information from a web browser
(not using IP geolocation), and more.

*Speaker:
Samy Kamkar* is best known for the Samy worm, the first XSS worm, infecting
over one million users on MySpace in less than 24 hours. A co-founder of
Fonality, Inc., an IP PBX company, Samy previously led the development of
all top-level domain name server software and systems for Global Domains
International (.ws), and worked for Penn State University developing
AI-based psychometric personality assessment software.

In the past 10 years, Samy has focused on evolutionary and genetic
algorithmic software development, Voice over IP software development,
automated security and vulnerability research in network security, reverse
engineering, and network gaming. When not strapped behind the Matrix, Samy
can be found stunt driving, getting involved in local community service
projects, and continuing his focus on staying out of jail.


-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Co-Chair, AppSec USA 2010 Program Committee -- www.appsecUSA.org
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20100710/14d3efc5/attachment.html 

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Mon Jul 19 13:15:14 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Mon, 19 Jul 2010 10:15:14 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] This week is TweetWeek for AppSec US 2010
Message-ID: <AANLkTilOdSBeflC-gHJBEwvh5ToTs60oaP-o0TJcvR1N@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP friends,

AppSec US 2010, the premiere OWASP conference in the US, is less than
2 months away. We have published training schedule and conference
agenda (http://appsecUSA.org/agenda). At this point, I would like to
ask your help to help promote the event -- to your friends, family
members, colleagues, bosses, other IT organizations, etc.

We are designating July 19-25 as AppSec TweetWeek and please promote
the conference on Twitter, and your other favorite social media. Here
are a few things you can do.

* Follow @appsec2010 (http://twitter.com/appsec2010).
* Tag your tweets/updates with #appsec2010
* Retweet @appsec2010
* Tweet about the schedule, keynote, training, classes
* Tweet about what to do in Southern Cal.

If you have a blog, please blog about the conference.

If you would like to volunteer for the conference, please let Neil
Matatall (neil at owasp.org) know.

Thank you very much for your help and we hope to see many of you at
the conference in September.


-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Co-Chair, AppSec USA 2010 Program Committee -- www.appsecUSA.org
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Mon Jul 19 14:17:44 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Mon, 19 Jul 2010 11:17:44 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Chapter Meeting: Wednesday, July 21,
	2010 from 7:30 PM - 9:30 PM
Message-ID: <AANLkTim9tAG6qdMsMhIZP9zOJA0-0fFQkwVEXivcZHvK@mail.gmail.com>

Please don't forget chapter meeting this wednesday. Talk by Samy
Kamkar. Dinner sponsored by Citrix. Accurate head count is
appreciated.

http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Los_Angeles
RSVP at http://owaspla.eventbrite.com/

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Co-Chair, AppSec USA 2010 Program Committee -- www.appsecUSA.org
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

From cassio at owasp.org  Sun Jul 25 05:31:29 2010
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2010 06:31:29 -0300
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Brainstorm 2020: A Vision for Software Security
Message-ID: <AANLkTimcA-21FyWsavnNqE4b393A585xTh6vT5E2fYBX@mail.gmail.com>

For the ones going to Black Hat, here is a good event you may want to
attend.

Cassio

There is still time to register for "Brainstorm 2020:  A Vision for Software
Security" taking place next Tuesday, July 27th at 5:00pm at Black Hat in Las
Vegas.



If you have an idea about how to improve software security then join the
Software Assurance Forum for Excellence in Code (SAFECode) for this informal
community brainstorm designed to help us define a shared vision for software
security and identify new, forward-thinking ideas about how to make it
happen.



We want you to share your thoughts on two key questions:

                *             What should our vision be for software
security in 2020?

                *             What are your ideas for leap-ahead approaches
to advance software security over the next ten years?



On hand to participate in the brainstorm will be members of SAFECode
including:

                *             Steve Lipner, Senior Director of Security
Engineering Strategy, Microsoft Corporation

                *             Brad Arkin, Director of Product Security and
Privacy, Adobe Systems Incorporated

                *             Gary Phillips, Senior Director, Standard Tools
and Technologies, Symantec Corporation

                *             Janne Uusilehto, Head of Product Security,
Nokia



Attendance is free, but registration is required and space is limited, so
please learn more about the event and register today at
http://www.safecode.org/register.php.



You do have the option to submit your ideas on the questions above when you
register, or you can wait to present them at the event on July 27 - it's
your choice. And if you can't attend but have an idea to share, you may
submit it online also at http://www.safecode.org/register.php.





About SAFECode

The Software Assurance Forum for Excellence in Code (SAFECode) is a
non-profit organization exclusively dedicated to increasing trust in
information and communications technology products and services through the
advancement of effective software assurance methods.  SAFECode is a global,
industry-led effort to identify and promote best practices for developing
and delivering more secure and reliable software, hardware and services.  Its
members include Adobe Systems Incorporated, EMC Corporation, Juniper
Networks, Inc., Microsoft Corp., Nokia, SAP AG and Symantec Corp. For more
information, please visit www.safecode.org



Product and service names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their
respective owners.





Did someone forward this to you?  To subscribe to receive future SAFECode
ALERTS, please visit www.safecode.org.



To unsubscribe to future SAFECode News and Alerts, please use this link:

 www.safecode.org/opt_subscribers.php?key=MJNfSwn96rdxCqRmhYpB&opt=out





Don't miss future communications from SAFECode. Add news at SAFECode.org to
your address book to prevent filtering.





SAFECode * 2201 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000 * Arlington, VA 22201 *(p) + 1
703.812.9199 *(f) + 1 703.812.9350 * inquiries at safecode.org
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20100725/2c7daba5/attachment.html 

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Thu Jul 29 13:35:54 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2010 10:35:54 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] AppSec 2010 and August chapter meeting
Message-ID: <AANLkTikPo45EPqH4Rj_phfcF0fE2G5topit5WGxP1jQ2@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP friends,

July 31st is the last day to register for AppSec USA conference with
early registration rates. AppSec USA is the premiere web application
security conference in North America by OWASP and our chapter, along
with Orange County chapter, is fortunate enough to host the event.

Please register if you have not already. While you are at it, please
join OWASP as a paid member. It is only $50 year, tax-deductible and
40% of your membership fee stays with the local chapter. If you wish
to volunteer, please email Neil Matatall at neil at owasp.org.

Please register here: http://www.AppSecUSA.org/reg

Our August meeting will be on August 18, 7:00PM (NOT 7:30PM as usual)
at Symantec offices in Culver City. Our speaker is Jelena Mirkovic of
Information Sciences Institute at USC. She will present "The DETER
Project: Scientific, Safe and Simple CyberSecurity Experimentation".
See details below.

Please RSVP here: http://owaspla.eventbrite.com/

There will be food, and August meeting is sponsored by Rapid7
(http://www.rapid7.com).

Hope to see you in August and September!

Tin

-------------------------------------------------
The DETER Project
Scientific, Safe and Simple CyberSecurity Experimentation

Description:

As the Internet has become pervasive and our critical infrastructures
inextricably tied to information systems, the risk for economic, social,
and physical disruption due to the insecurities of information systems
has increased immeasurably. Over the past 10 years there has been
increased investment in research on cyber security technologies by U.S.
government agencies and industry.

However, a large-scale deployment of effective security technology
is lacking. One important reason for this deficiency is the
lack of an experimental infrastructure and rigorous scientific
methodologies for development and testing next-generation cyber security
technologies.

To address these shortcomings, the DETER project is creating the
necessary infrastructure - testbeds, tools, and supporting processes - for
national-scale experimentation on emerging security research and
advanced development technologies for cyber defense.

The DETER testbed, funded by the US Department of Homeland
Security and the National Science Foundation  has been operational since
2004. Today it hosts 400+ nodes at USC/ISI and UC
Berkeley, and serves more than 1,200 users and 150
projects from all over the world. It is used for academic research and
teaching, and for testing commercial products. It is accompanied by a
set of experimentation tools and products that make experiment setup,
monitoring and control easy even at large scales. The DETER project has
further made advances in supporting very large scale experiments via
testbed federations, and in supporting safe experimentation with risky
code.

The next generation of the DETER project plans major improvements in
experimental processes to guarantee experimental validity, repeteabiiity
and portability. It further plans improvements in operations to support
an order of magnitude larger experiments than today. Finally, it plans
to build effective community tools for exchange of code, data
and ideas between its users which fosters closer collaborations. This talk
will describe the current state of the DETER testbed, and our new
efforts aimed at advancing the science of cyber security
experimentation.

Speaker:

Dr. Jelena Mirkovic is a Computer Scientist at the USC Information
Sciences Institute, which she joined in 2007. Prior to this she was an
Assistant Professor at the Computer and Information Sciences
Department, University of Delaware, 2003-2007. She received her M.S.
and Ph.D. from UCLA, and her B.S. in Computer Science and Engineering
from the School of Electrical Engineering, University of Belgrade,
Serbia.

Her current research is focused on scientific cyber security
experimentation, safe sharing of network data, denial-of-service
attacks and IP spoofing. Her research is funded by the National
Science Foundation, the Department of Homeland Security and the
Infosys Corporation.

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Co-Chair, AppSec USA 2010 Program Committee -- www.appsecUSA.org
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

