From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Wed Oct  6 12:48:07 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Wed, 6 Oct 2010 09:48:07 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] October meeting and beyond
Message-ID: <AANLkTimdbY6d9tjSKZXjPKF9FuLKsC3rNQJYFPY+_y4y@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP Friends,

We are working on exciting speakers for Oct, Nov and December. October
topic will be something related to user authentication in the cloud.
We will announce it as soon as we have the details worked out. It will
be on Oct 20th.

I have a couple of questions for members.

1. Starting with October meeting, we will start at 7PM. Please let me
know if it is a major inconvenience for you.
2. We are discussing a holiday dinner at a restaurant or banquet hall
for December. We will have to charge members for this. I will send out
a survey later on to take a poll on it.

Please email me, Richard and/or Cassio directly if you have
questions/concerns/suggestions.

And BTW, October is cyber security awareness month. Please do what you
can to spread awareness.

Be safe!

Tin

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

From cassio at owasp.org  Thu Oct  7 17:10:07 2010
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Thu, 7 Oct 2010 14:10:07 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Secure coding in .Net
Message-ID: <AANLkTi=uhHH3ZJcrddoA5C=mLnvvf4SSyhOcysNcjX-A@mail.gmail.com>

Hey List,

Mano Paul, one of our AppSec USA 2010 ,will be teaching secure Coding in
.Net for Developers in El Segundo next week from Oct 18-21. Mano is a very
experienced and knowledgeable professional who has been involved with OWASP
for several years. If you are interested, please send him an email:
mano.paul at securisksolutions.com.

Cassio
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: https://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20101007/99f0d5d5/attachment.html 

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Fri Oct 15 13:14:53 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2010 13:14:53 -0400
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP Los Angeles Oct Meeting -- October 20 at
	7PM
Message-ID: <AANLkTinyLu=dxNOqt1dyZfLAL59CZT+kTg7mWqvCRvzf@mail.gmail.com>

Please note that we have two speakers and meeting will start promptly
at 7PM at Symantec offices in Culver City.

RSVP here -- http://www.eventbrite.com/event/955294311

Speakers

Speaker Name: Todd Calvert

Todd Calvert is currently the Western Region Business Development /
Sales Director for Arcot Systems, based in Sunnyvale, California,
where he has been with the company over two years.  Prior to Arcot, he
has been involved with various industries involving enterprise SW for
application management, modeling & statistical analysis, and
optimization for companies such as Compuware, KLA-Tencor, Nikon Inc.,
and Wind River.  He graduated UC Santa Barbara in 1991 with a B.S. in
Mathematical Sciences degree, and has spent much of his time to
delivering educational & technical seminars and math tutoring on the
side.

Topic: (Something about Authentication and Identity Management)

Speaker Name: Manoranjan (Mano) Paul

Bio: Shark Researcher turned Security Guru!

Manoranjan (Mano) Paul (CSSLP, CISSP, AMBCI, MCSD, MCAD, CompTIA
Network+, ECSA) is the Founder and CEO at SecuRisk Solutions and
Express Certifications. Based out of Austin, Texas in the USA,
SecuRisk Solutions specializes in three areas of information security
solutions - Product Development, Consulting and Awareness, Training &
Education while Express Certifications focuses on professional
certifications like the CISSP, SSCP, CSSLP and the BCI certificate.

Before SecuRisk Solutions and Express Certifications, Mano played
several roles from software developer, quality assurance tester,
logistics manager, technical architect, IT strategist and Security
Engineer/Program Manager/Strategist at Dell Inc. His information
security experience includes designing and developing software
security programs from Compliance-to-Coding, application security risk
management, security strategy & management, and conducting security
awareness training and education.

Mano started his career as a shark researcher in the Bimini Biological
Field Station, Bahamas. His educational pursuit took him to the
University of Oklahoma where he received his Business Administration
degree in Management Information Systems (MIS) with various accolades
and the coveted 4.0 GPA. He was a member of  the OWASP Global
Education Committee and actively participates in OWASP speaking,
training and leadership events. He is also the appointed Software
Assurance Advisor for (ISC)2, representing and advising the
organization on software assurance strategy, training, education and
certification. He is an appointed Information Security faculty member
in the local community college and served as industry representative
of the Capitol of Texas Information System Security Association (ISSA)
chapter.

Mano has been featured in various domestic and international security
conferences and is an invited speaker and panelist, delivering talks
and keynotes in conferences such as the OWASP, CSI, ASIS, SANS, Burton
Group Catalyst, TRISC and SC World Congress conferences. He is the
author of the Official (ISC)2 Guide to the Certified Secure Software
Lifecycle Professional (CSSLPCM), contributing author for the
Information Security Management Handbook, writes periodically for the
Certification Magazine and has contributed to several security topics
for the Microsoft Solutions Developer Network (MSDN).

Mano is married to whom he calls the ?most wonderful and sacrificial
person in this world? - Sangeetha Johnson and their greatest
fulfillment comes from spending time with the son ? Reuben A Paul
(RAP).

Title: Sharks and Security

Abstract:

Do you know what makes a shark a shark and a hacker a hacker? Which is
the most dangerous shark and how does that fit the profile of a
dangerous hacker? What does the tiger shark have to do with garbage
collection? Is there any connection between the locomotion in sharks
and reverse engineering?  and more?

There are sharks at sea and there are sharks on land! Many are
prevalent in the information security space. In this talk, Mano Paul,
a shark biologist are researcher from the Bahamas turned security
professional takes you through the similarities and differences that
exists between sharks that are after our digital assets and the
relatively less dangerous and beautiful creation that swims the ocean
currents. The talk with the demo of a Trojan called SharkBait has take
aways for the all kinds of audiences, whether they are management,
technical or operational in scope. Come for a fun-filled, highly
interactive, and interesting presentation and leave with a new sense
of appreciation on how to look at sharks and hackers and what you can
do so that you or your organizations don't become shark bait.

October meeting sponsor

Arcot Systems Inc is the largest cloud based authentication company in
the world and also a leader in online security products including 3-D
Secure (aka Verified-by-Visa / MasterCard SecureCode), Strong
Authentication, Risk Assessment, Secure Document Delivery,
Tokenization and Secure Digital Signing.Our Strength is in a
token-less 2 Factor Authentication Methodology /Adaptive
Authentication/Secure Digital Signing/3-D Secure/Tokenization to
reduce PCI-DSS Audit cost.

ArcotID, 100% software based smart card, is the core constituent of
this solution. ArcotID provides strong protection of digital IDs for
multi-factor authentication, digital signatures and encryption.
ArcotID uses Arcot's patented 'Cryptographic Camouflage' technology.

WebFort is Versatile Authentication Server (VAS) that supports ArcotID
authentication in addition to One-Time-Password (OTP),
Question-and-Answer and Password authentications

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Tue Oct 19 10:44:45 2010
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2010 07:44:45 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] ISSA and OWASP Meetings tomorrow
Message-ID: <AANLkTi=-0K0_TkdnrB1-PbnOfyYguXXW2PLfz512_Q7X@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP Friends,

OWASP October monthly meeting begins at 7PM at Symantec in Culver
City. We have two speakers.

http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Los_Angeles

Please RSVP so we can have accurate headcount for food.

http://www.eventbrite.com/event/955294311

ISSA also have the monthly meeting tomorrow.

http://www.issa-la.org/2010/09/oct2010-issa-la/

See you tomorrow!

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

