From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Fri Mar 18 17:28:35 2011
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Fri, 18 Mar 2011 14:28:35 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP Los Angeles -- March and April
Message-ID: <AANLkTimxnw9KS7vdFguPBKkn5OYthQPh_EDOJYqrb24x@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP Friends,

As we had our joint meeting with ISSA this month last Wednesday, we
will not be having our own monthly meeting next week.

Our next meeting will be on April 27 at Symantec.  You can RSVP here:
http://owasp-april2011.eventbrite.com/

Our speaker, Bryan Sullivan, is a well known author and regular
contributor to MSDN magazine. Please spread the word to your friends
and colleagues, especially to those in software development and
testing, C#/.Net technologies and database administration.

Let's make it one of the best OWASP events in LA ever.

Speaker

Bryan Sullivan?is a Senior Security Researcher with Adobe Systems,
where he focuses on cloud security issues. Prior to Adobe, he was a
program manager on Microsoft's Security Development Lifecycle team,
and a development manager at HP, where he helped to design HP's
vulnerability scanning tools WebInspect and DevInspect.

Bryan has spoken at security industry conferences such as Black Hat,
RSA Conference, BlueHat and TechEd on topics such as RIA architecture,
REST, cryptography, denial-of-service defense, URL rewriting, and
applying secure development processes to Agile projects. He was the
author of the MSDN Magazine column Security Briefs, and is the
coauthor of the books?Ajax Security?(Addison-Wesley, 2007) and the
upcoming?Secure Web Applications, A Beginner's Guide?(McGraw-Hill,
2011).

NoSQL Security

NoSQL databases are rapidly gaining popularity, especially for use in
distributed, high-availability cloud services. But are we making the
same mistakes with NoSQL in the childhood of the cloud that we made
with SQL in the childhood of the web? This talk will examine some
general security issues that come with emphasizing the Availability
aspect of Consistency/Availability/Partition-tolerance, and we'll also
look at some specific issues with popular NoSQL databases such as
MongoDB and Cassandra.

--
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Chair, OWASP Global Chapter Committee
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw

