From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Thu Nov 22 00:39:34 2012
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Wed, 21 Nov 2012 16:39:34 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP LA November Meeting
Message-ID: <CAOKxZLgbCtY5e3e+0Jf6G+N3DA1KpyntKyL=6P1PwNLS3oS8XA@mail.gmail.com>

Dear All,

Our November meeting will be on the 28th, at usual place (Symantec), at
usual time (7:00PM). Speaker information is below.

We hope to see you there!

*WCF Security ? Securing your Service Oriented Architecture*

Any Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) needs to support security features
that provide auditing, authentication, authorization, confidentiality, and
integrity for the messages exchanged between the client and the service.
Microsoft Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) provides these
security features by default for any application that is built on top of
the WCF framework. In this session, Adnan Masood will discuss the WCF
security features related to auditing and logging,
authentication, authorization, confidentiality, and integrity.

This talk is focused on WCF security features with code demonstration to
use behaviors and bindings toconfigure security for your WCF service.
Bindings and behaviors allow you to configure transfer
security, authentication, authorization, impersonation, and delegation as
well as auditing and logging. This presentation will help you understand
basic security-related concepts in WCF, what bindings and behaviors are and
how they are used in WCF, authorization and roles in the context of
WCF, impersonation and delegation in the context of WCF and what options
are available for auditing in WCF.

Targeted towards solution architects and developers, this talk will provide
you architectural guidanceregarding authentication, authorization, and
communication design for your WCF services, solution patterns for common
distributed application scenarios using WCF and principles, patterns, and
practices for improving key security aspects in services.



*Speakers? Bio:*

Adnan Masood works as a web architect / technical lead for a financial
institution where he develops SOA based middle-tier architectures,
distributed systems, and web-applications using Microsoft technologies. He
is a Microsoft Certified Trainer holding several technical certifications,
including MCPD (Enterprise Developer), MCSD .NET, and SCJP-II. Adnan is
attributed and published in print media and on the Web; he also teaches
Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) courses at the University
of California at San Diego and regularly presents at local code camps and
user groups. He is actively involved in the .NET community as cofounder and
president of the of San Gabriel Valley .NET Developersgroup.

Adnan holds a Master?s degree in Computer Science; he is currently a
doctoral student working towards PhD in Machine Learning; specifically
discovering interestingness measures in outliers using Bayesian Belief
Networks. He also holds systems architecture certification from MIT and SOA
Smarts certification from Carnegie Melon University.



After the meeting, join us as Crescent Solutions takes us for drinks at BJs
in the Fox Hills mall.

-- 
Tin Zaw, CISSP, CSSLP
Chapter Leader and President, OWASP Los Angeles Chapter
Member, OWASP Global Chapter Committee
Google Voice: (213) 973-9295
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tinzaw
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20121121/15841c73/attachment.html>

