From cassio at owasp.org  Fri May 11 20:07:32 2012
From: cassio at owasp.org (Cassio Goldschmidt)
Date: Fri, 11 May 2012 13:07:32 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] Principal Application Software Security Engineer
 with Intuit in Woodland Hills
Message-ID: <CAEKYf355Seia9Ncfvei1ibCu0aP2DL6UtCSZD4fwg4ehNQBKrQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi everybody:

Here is a really great opportunity with Intuit in Woodland Hills. Please
let me know ASAP if you know someone who is interested.

Thanks,
Cassio


The Principal Application Security Engineer, is a key member of an
enterprise-level team of cyber security specialists. This role requires a
security engineer who is experienced in all facets of analyzing cyber
threats in terms of exploits, vulnerabilities and mitigation. The role
requires hands-on technical assessment of the cyber threat landscape in
terms of its potential impact on Intuit and recommending strategic,
mitigating actions. Most importantly, the Principal Engineer is a
self-starter, and works with the security and IT teams, and the business
units, to help manage cyber risks to an acceptable level.

Intuit is specifically looking for an expert Security Engineer to ensure
that our applications, services and infrastructure are designed and
implemented to the highest standards thus maintaining and enhancing
customer trust. If you enjoy analyzing operating systems, networks,
applications and services from a security perspective, and you are skilled
at discovering security issues that appear under new threat scenarios, this
position will provide you with a challenging opportunity. You will
participate in security audits, risk analysis, vulnerability testing and
security reviews on many elements of Intuit's systems.

You will be recognized as a security expert, consulting with Intuit teams
globally on engineering secure solutions and incorporating security into
Intuit's design processes. Activities contribute to setting overall
security strategy, include architecture and design consultations, threat
modeling, training, presentations, holistic platform architecture and
design, drive security initiatives, leverage experience and expertise to
advise on risk exposure and mitigations, lead incident handling, advise on
and ensure proper risk and business need trade-offs, work closely legal on
a number of initiatives, acquisition due diligence and drive and deliver
large-scale security initiatives through experience and influence.


Specifically the Principal Engineer will:

? Keep Intuit on the leading edge with respect to knowledge of security
threats (including Web, mobile and desktop applications), vulnerabilities
and controls, and assess their applicability to Intuit business initiatives
and business strategies
? Identify those "critical few" security issues and risks that may impact
multiple or all business units, and develop mitigation plans (holistic, not
point solutions)
? Lead internal and external penetration tests and security assessments
? Play a key roll in defining and advancing Intuit's mobile security
strategy and implementation.
? Work closely with business units, CTO and CIO organizations on general
technology architecture
? Work with business units and functional groups to review offerings,
create threat models, and provide guidance on remediation.
? Assist business units and functional groups in integrating security
processes and tools into all phases of the software development lifecycle.
? Stay current on emerging security threats, vulnerabilities and controls
? Translate security and technical requirements into business requirements,
and communicate security risks to different audiences ranging from business
leaders to engineers
? Contribute to development of company-wide security strategy
? Contribute to incident response teams
? Develop and deliver general security awareness and specific security
technology presentations, talks and training
? Initiate and contribute to projects that develop new intellectual property
? Initiate and contribute to innovative R&D projects
? Be recognized as a technical security expert across the organization
? Evangelize security within Intuit and be an advocate for customer trust

Your Talents:

? BS or Masters in Computer Science or equivalent desired
? Established industry reputation in the field of information security
? Exceptional experience and very detailed technical knowledge in at least
two of the following areas: security engineering, system and network
security, authentication and security protocols, applied cryptography,
application security, security vulnerabilities and remediation techniques
(e.g. penetration testing, development of exploits)
? Proven experience architecting and implementing large-scale,
enterprise-wide security solutions
? At least 6 years of application security experience, including threat
modeling, threat assessments, risk identification techniques, penetration
testing
? At least 4 years of experience in delivering commercial grade software or
services (SaaS, cloud computing, mobile applications or infrastructure),
assuming either a development, QA testing, or security role
? Detailed knowledge of network and Web related protocols (e.g., TCP/IP,
UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS, routing protocols)
? Substantial experience with both SaaS and mobile applications and
infrastructure
? Substantial experience with the application of threat modeling or other
risk identification techniques

Essential Skills
? Ability to move seamlessly between a hacker / attacker mindset and a
security engineer / defender mindset
? Skilled in discussing complex security issues in understandable business
terms
? Experience with enforcing security guidelines and standards with business
owners
? Very detailed knowledge of system security vulnerabilities and
remediation techniques, including penetration testing
? Recent development experience with one or more modern programming
languages (e.g. Java, Objective-C) required
? Strong scripting skills (e.g., Perl, Python, Shell script, JavaScript)
? Expert knowledge of network and web
? Executive-level written and verbal communication skills
? Demonstrated ability to influence across boundaries and at all levels of
the organization.
? Excellent leadership skills and teamwork skills
? Results oriented, high energy, self-motivated
? Role model for Intuit values

Desired Skills
? Security certification desired (e.g., CISSP, ISSMP, ISSAP, GIAC, CEH)
? Visibility and industry reputation in the field of information security,
such as public speaking in security conferences and user groups, author of
security books
? Cyber forensics and investigations experience desired
? Experience in building or implementing security solutions (e.g. risk
management, data analytics)
? Experience in mentoring engineers and architects



Learn more about our award winning workplace and how we give back to our
local and global communities. Discover what it's like to be part of a team
that rewards taking risks and trying new things. How far can you think?
www.intuitcareers.com

Be innovative... Be yourself... Be Intuit .
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20120511/0a07bb05/attachment.html>

From tin.zaw at owasp.org  Tue May 15 00:35:57 2012
From: tin.zaw at owasp.org (Tin Zaw)
Date: Mon, 14 May 2012 17:35:57 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] OWASP Monthly -- May 23 6:45PM -- Data Mining a
	Mountain of Zero Day Vulnerabilities
Message-ID: <CAOKxZLgHE4vyWhc-vTmQssR5u5cpXeKbrNGS37nOXobd-MMcQg@mail.gmail.com>

Dear OWASP Friends,

We will have our May monthly as usual this month. Please note that we need
to start at 6:45 sharp and Chris's talk will start promptly at 7:00PM as he
needs to fly back to the east coast.

Please RSVP here: http://www.meetup.com/OWASP-Los-Angeles/events/61886212/

*Data Mining a Mountain of Zero Day Vulnerabilities*

Every day, software developers around the world, from Bangalore to
Silicon Valley, churn out millions of lines of insecure code. We used
static binary analysis on thousands of applications submitted to us by
large enterprises, commercial software vendors, open source projects,
and software outsourcers, to create an anonymized vulnerability data
set. By mining this data we can answer some interesting questions.

Which industries have the most secure and least secure code? What
types of mistakes do developers make most often? Which languages and
platforms have the apps with the most vulnerabilities? Should you be
most worried of internally built apps, open source, commercial
software, or outsourcers? These questions and many more will be
answered as we tunnel through zero day mountain.


*Bio:*

Chris Wysopal, Veracode?s CTO and Co-Founder, is responsible for the
company?s software security analysis capabilities. In 2008 he was
named one of InfoWorld's Top 25 CTO's and one of the 100 most
influential people in IT by eWeek. One of the original vulnerability
researchers and a member of L0pht Heavy Industries, he has testified
on Capitol Hill in the US on the subjects of government computer
security and how vulnerabilities are discovered in software. He is an
author of L0phtCrack and netcat for Windows. He is the lead author of
?The Art of Software Security Testing? published by Addison-Wesley.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20120514/c166cec3/attachment.html>

