From owasp-losangeles at lists.owasp.org  Tue Nov  7 17:07:06 2017
From: owasp-losangeles at lists.owasp.org (owasp-losangeles at lists.owasp.org)
Date: Tue, 7 Nov 2017 09:07:06 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-losangeles] It's Back! AppSec California Early Bird
	Registration
Message-ID: <mailman.52416.1510074545.1089.owasp-losangeles@lists.owasp.org>

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Los Angeles Chapter is
teaming up with the Orange County, San Diego, Inland Empire, and SF Bay
Area chapters to bring you the WORLD REKNOWN Fifth annual AppSec
California. The event is a one of a kind experience for information
security professionals, developers, and QA and testing professionals, as
they gather at the beach from around the world to learn and share knowledge
and experiences about secure systems and secure development methodologies.

The event takes place January 28-31 on the beach in Santa Monica,
California at the Annenberg Beach House.

One and Two-day full training classes on various subjects by expert
trainers kick off the conference on the 28th. World renown speakers follow
on days three and four.

A great opening party spills onto the beautiful deck of the landmark
Annenberg pool on day three, as conference goers network, drink, and eat as
they listen to the waves and gaze at the stars.

New friendships will be born, new techniques for securing your environments
and applications will be shared, as you become inspired by your peers.

You MUST register here to gain admittance. Take advantage of the Early Bird
discount only through the end of the month.

https://2018.appseccalifornia.org/#register

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is an open community
dedicated to enabling organizations to develop, purchase, and maintain
applications and APIs that can be trusted.

At OWASP you'll find free and open:

?Application security tools and standards ?Complete books on application
security testing, secure code development, and secure code review
?Presentations and videos ?Cheat sheets on many common topics ?Standard
security controls and libraries ?Local chapters worldwide ?Cutting edge
research ?Extensive conferences worldwide ?Mailing lists

Learn more at: https://www.owasp.org.
<https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.owasp.org%2F&h=ATPEfQlzQfs0U3BC6jIaKHkQEN_rQPP3-W_x9HaBzjA_N8f-0LSKLYPn3tkuPGaNXLtWcz75xYtnHolViH6wspDfWgktwnFBKt_7sxWjfU6PgIuLkoJKXa7VHTvJUb2cSTZlVNzeivJXK2HeryS1XwnUmLHMEJiMei1nFJ10PA2mJQOLUiFuK2wVqDv4TzFf_RWYxQT8A3A3P-vbUE3IE_AfQBxQiwd3iCaiufLTj6r4WcFiZfEDangVeXA-o0Am7U30RQ71ZEYByrCbcrbp0lLRCLHljNOkl-tsvFHPkfYZ>

All of the OWASP tools, documents, videos, presentations, and chapters are
free and open to anyone interested in improving application security.

We advocate approaching application security as a people, process, and
technology problem, because the most effective approaches to application
security require improvements in these areas.

OWASP is a new kind of organization. Our freedom from commercial pressures
allows us to provide unbiased, practical, cost-effective information about
application security. OWASP is not affiliated with any technology company,
although we support the informed use of commercial security technology.
OWASP produces many types of materials in a collaborative, transparent and
open way.

The OWASP Foundation is the non-profit entity that ensures the project's
long-term success. Almost everyone associated with OWASP is a volunteer,
including the OWASP Board, Chapter Leaders, Project Leaders, and project
members. We support innovative security research with grants and
infrastructure.

Come join us!
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-losangeles/attachments/20171107/1e29f3b0/attachment.html>

