From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Sun Feb 24 21:44:59 2013
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Sun, 24 Feb 2013 21:44:59 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] Next Cambridge OWASP Chapter Meeting - Tuesday
	5th March
Message-ID: <DC70C852-5487-456E-8279-6A802083BE9C@owasp.org>

Further to my previous emails, we've managed to get another set of speakers for the next OWASP Cambridge Chapter Meeting on the 5th March between 5-8pm (exact times and agenda to be confirmed later this week)
 
We have 2 speakers from 7Safe (now part of PA Consulting) looking at different aspects of mobile forensics and penetration testing

Sarantis Makousis - Fun and Profit with Android
Nikhil Sreekumar - either "One line Pownage" or "Post exploitation fun"

 
Kind regards
 
Adrian
 
Adrian Winckles BEng(Hons) CEng MSc MBCS CITP FHEA
Course Leader - Information Security and Forensic Computing

Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20130224/9f84517f/attachment.html>

From e.ariwa at londonmet.ac.uk  Fri Feb 22 10:49:06 2013
From: e.ariwa at londonmet.ac.uk (Ezendu Ariwa)
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2013 10:49:06 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] Call for Chapters: Green Technology Applications
	for Enterprise
Message-ID: <CAEYji-S-1EeU=hJh1LvwJnxjwevhjx7qzmZ2nxnBe-u+FMGZRg@mail.gmail.com>

Call for Chapters: Green Technology Applications for Enterprise and
Academic Innovation

http://www.igi-global.com/publish/call-for-papers/call-details/917



<http://www.igi-global.com/publish/call-for-papers/call-details/917>


Editors

Ezendu Ariwa (London Metropolitan University, UK)


Call for Chapters

Proposals Submission Deadline: February 28, 2013
Full Chapters Due: June 30, 2013

*Introduction
*This book is for readers who have interest in sustainability, green
technology, and business applications, as well as an understanding of green
business and intelligent business-driven models. The appropriate
technologies are built on the best practice for green agenda, and are
presented in a series of discussions and briefly provided detailed
evaluation of advanced principles. The book focuses on theory- and
practice-based approaches for investigative discovery of work-based
systems. It also provides knowledge in business and academic research
within associated green technology and systematic risk in business,
techno-business, environment, and carbon footprint in both business and
industry. The most essential applications are covered, such as green
agenda, technology applications, and management benchmarking indicators.

The book has professional and academic principles within the most current
carbon reduction strategies and applications for provisions to address
experiences and state of the art applications of green technology and
business-driven systems with social media in industry and business sectors.
The modalities are based on evidence-based theories and practice-based
models that will act as a spring board for knowledge-based economy for
students and practitioners. The use of extended research work and cases
geared towards good practice and efficiency in the discipline opens
challenges for industrial and business collaborations.

The book also examines business sustainability, technology applications,
and practice-based theories using research-driven techniques and approaches
for contributions to business, academic, and industrial sectors.

*Objective of the Book*
The book will address the importance of green technology and sustainability
for technology, enterprise, and academic innovation for energy management,
renewable energy, carbon reduction strategy, and exploration of business
and industrial applications within the green agenda in terms of design
compliance and energy ratings and recycling strategies for equipment,
manufacturing devices, and e-waste synergy for commercial and industrial
systems. The subject area relates to the Green Agenda in terms of
technology, communication, and computing, and the sustainability of key
developments in the discipline of evidence-based practices.

*Target Audience*
The book will be used at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels as well
as professional courses. It will also act as the bridge for practitioner,
academia, business, and industrial sectors and for academics, engineers,
technologists, business personnel, apprentices, students, managers,
governmental executives, and industrialists.

*Recommended topics include, but are not limited to, the following:*
Green Technology
Green Computing
Green Communication
Green Business
Corporate Social Responsibility
Sustainability
Information Systems and Business Systems
Facilities Management and Network Development
E-Commerce and E-learning
Implementation of Webographic Development
SMEs and Entrepreneur [e-business perspectives]
Knowledge Management & Sustainability
Green Computing & Renewable Energy
Healthcare Informatics & eGovernance
Digital Enterprise
Business Processing Re-engineering
Business Process Management
Digital Informatics & Community of Practice (CoP)
Social Enterprise & Healthcare Informatics
Consumer Electronics & Energy Management Systems
Green Technology & Digital Media
eGovernment & eDemocracy & eVoting
Informatics Climatization & Digital Environment
Forensic Informatics & Finacialisation
eAgriculture & Digital Mechanisation
Public Private Partnership & Investment
Business Intelligence Technologies
Systematic Risk Management
Social Capital and Human Capital
Social Media and Enterprise
Green Communication & Broadcast Technology

*Submission Procedure*
Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before *February
28, 2013*, a 2-3
page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and concerns of his or
her proposed chapter. Authors of accepted proposals will be notified by *March
30, 2013* about the status of their proposals and sent chapter guidelines.
Full chapters are expected to be submitted by *June 30, 2013*. All
submitted chapters will be reviewed on a double-blind review basis.
Contributors may also be requested to serve as reviewers for this project.

*Publisher*
This book is scheduled to be published by IGI Global (formerly Idea Group
Inc.), publisher of the ?Information Science Reference? (formerly Idea
Group Reference), ?Medical Information Science Reference,? ?Business
Science Reference,? and ?Engineering Science Reference? imprints. For
additional information regarding the publisher, please visit
www.igi-global.com. This publication is anticipated to be released in 2013.

*Important Dates*
*February 28, 2013: *Proposal Submission Deadline
*March 30, 2013:* Notification of Acceptance
*June 30, 2013: *Full Chapter Submission
*August 30, 2013: *Review Results Returned
*September 30, 2013:* Final Chapter Submission
*October 30, 2013: *Final Deadline
*
Editorial Advisory Board Members:*
Abel Usoro, University of the West of Scotland, UK
Ali Mohamed Elmelhi, University of Tripoli, Libya
Ben Oghojafor, University of Lagos, Akoka, Lagos, Nigeria
Berislav Andrlic, Polytecnif of Pozega, Croatia
Chidinma M. Ndukwe, Abia State Polytechnic, Aba, Nigeria
Donald T Swift-Hook, Kingston University, UK
Eric Llewellyn, University of Wales, Newport, UK
Florence Ariwa, Michael Okpara University of Agriculture, Umudike, Nigeria
Grzegorz Majewski, University of the West of Scotland, UK
Isaac Wasswa Katono, Uganda Christian University, Uganda
Jessica Ariwa, University of Kent, UK
Lidia Zaprudnova, Moscow State Academy of Business Administration, Russia
Musa Gambo, Kano State Polytechnics, Nigeria
Natalia Chionova, Moscow State Academy of Business Administration, Russia
Nik Bessis , University of Derby, UK
Omoneye Olasanmi, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Nigeria
P. Ganesan, VIT University, India
Paulino Leite da Silva, ISCAP - Polytechnic Institute of Porto, Portugal
Pit. Pichappan, Zhejiang University of Science and Technology, China
Sabo Bello, Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria
Sunday Owualah, University of Lagos, Nigeria
Tariq Shareef Yunis, Applied Science University, Bahrain
Usman Tar, Nigeria Defence Academy, Kaduna, Nigeria
Venkata Krishna, VIT University, India
Vincent Owhoso, Northern Kentucky University, USA
Inquiries and submissions can be forwarded electronically (Word document):



Professor Ezendu Ariwa
Visiting Professor, Gulf University, Bahrain
Visiting Professor, University of Lagos, Nigeria
Chair, IEEE Consumer Electronics & Broadcast Technology Chapter, UKRI
London Metropolitan University, UK

Tel.: +447404011510 ? GSM: +447743923537
E-mail: ezzyariwa at gmail.com

Companies Act 2006 : http://www.londonmet.ac.uk/companyinfo

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20130222/b2370812/attachment.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Tue Feb 26 23:35:07 2013
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2013 23:35:07 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] OWASP Cambridge Chapter Meeting - Tuesday 5th
	March 2013 17:30 - 20:00
Message-ID: <AC89056E-3791-4988-A24D-DE021556174F@owasp.org>

Application Security Seminar ?  OWASP Cambridge Chapter

Wednesday 5th March  2013 17:30 ? 20:00, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB002), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin University, OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge Chapter and IEEE Industrial Electronics Chapter

Guest speakers: 

Sarantis Makoudis is a professional Penetration Tester working for 7Safe, part of the PA Consulting Group. He received his BSc Degree on Digital Systems during 2010 and decided to continue his academic career on the subject of IT Security. He was awarded with an MSc degree on Information Security from Royal Holloway, University of London after completing his thesis on ?Two-Factor authentication protocols for Secure Transactions using Mobile Phones and NFC Tags?. Sarantis joined 7Safe shortly afterwards as a Penetration Tester and security researcher, specialised in Web application security testing.

Android (in)Security: The goal of this presentation is to show typical exploitation scenarios of Android applications and how they can be used or manipulated to steal credentials and information from a user. The scenarios include installation of malicious programs, e.g. malicious keyboards, manipulations on the application to bypass security authentications, code injections inside an apk and phishing attacks targeting specific applications.

Nikhil Sreekumar is a penetration tester working for UK based organisation - 7Safe, part of PA Consulting Group. He spends a majority of his free time either rock climbing, dreaming about cars or researching new vulnerabilities and attack techniques. And, when we gets time he spends time assessing web applications and network infrastructure for security vulnerabilities and business logic flaws.

Power On, Powershell: The heart starts pounding, the brain goes into overdrive with adrenaline and a smile starts appearing. You just got access into a Windows box using a user account. Then you realise there is an AV running on the system, and the user account using which you got in is
actually a restricted account.

Time to fold up the sleeves and escalate your privs. Its time to Power on,  Powershell. The talk will try and cover various ways to escalate your privileges, and do many other cool stuff withh nothing but a powershell.

Background 

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of application software. Their mission is to make application security visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about true application security risks.   

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing pathway.  Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key part of this enhancement.  A key aim the department is working towards is developing a MSc Information Security specialising in Application Security and as part of this activity looking to develop and a local Information Security Student Society.

Agenda

17:30 ? 17:45 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader,  Adrian Winckles, Senior Lecturer in  Information Security, Anglia Ruskin University  
17:45 ? 18:30 Nikhil Sreekumar  (7Safe, PA Consulting) - Power On, Powershell:
18:30 ? 19:15 Sarantis Makoudis (7Safe, PA Consulting) - Android (in)Security
19:15 ? 19:30 Q & A
19:30 ? 20:00  Refreshments & Networking (coffee, tea, juice) in LAB006

Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/CQ9G6N7

 Please note there is no automatic notification or confirmation.

The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB002 (Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University
Cambridge Campus
East Road
Cambridge
CB1 1PT

Get further information on travelling to the university. 

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/cambridge_campus.html

Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20130226/f7c5ecad/attachment.html>

