From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Wed Nov 19 15:02:22 2014
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Wed, 19 Nov 2014 15:02:22 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] Next OWASP Cambridge Chapter Meeting - 2nd
	December
Message-ID: <9ABC9D82-B3B3-40CE-857A-6D602B1C11DE@owasp.org>

OWASP Cambridge Chapter Security Seminar

Tuesday 2nd December 2014 17:30 ? 20:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB003), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin University, OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge Chapter

Guest speakers: Colin Watson

Colin Watson is founder of Watson Hall Ltd, based in London, where his work involves the management of application risk, designing defensive measures, building security & privacy in to systems development and keeping abreast of relevant international legislation and standards. He was a member of the former OWASP Global Industry Committee, and is currently project leader for the OWASP Codes of Conduct and OWASP Cornucopia projects, co-leader for the OWASP AppSensor project, contributes to Open Software Assurance Maturity Model, CISO Guide and CISO Survey, and wrote the Application Logging Cheat sheet. He holds a BSc in Chemical Engineering from Heriott-Watt University in Edinburgh, and an MSc in Computation from the University of Oxford.

Title : OWASP Cornucopia

Microsoft's Escalation of Privilege (EoP) threat modelling card game has been refreshed into a new version more suitable for common web applications, and aligned with OWASP advice and guides. "OWASP Cornucopia - Ecommerce Web Application Edition" will be presented and used to demonstrate how it can help software architects and developers identify security requirements from the OWASP Secure Coding Practices - Quick Reference Guide. He will also provide a brief introduction about how to contribute ideas and content to OWASP projects, and how to start a project.

Speaker: Jerome Smith - NCC Group TBC Title: ?SSL Checklist for Pentesters? TBC Background

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of application software. Their mission is to make application security visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about true application security risks.

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing pathway. Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key part of this enhancement. A key aim the department is working towards is developing a MSc Information Security specializing in Application Security and as part of this activity looking to develop and a local Information Security Student Society.

Agenda

17:30 ? 17:45 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian Winckles, Course Leader in Information Security & Forensic Computing, Anglia Ruskin University

17:45 ? 18:35 Colin Watson ? OWASP Cornucopia

18:35 ? 18:45 Q & A

18:45 ? 19:30 ?The Trouble with SSL? - Jerome Smith TBC

19:30 ? 19:45 Colin? s Round Up Featuring OWASP Snakes & Ladders

19:45 ? 20:45 Refreshments, Networking, Cornucopia and Snakes & Ladders in LAB006

Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/OWASPDec2014

Please note there is no automatic notification or confirmation.

The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB003 (Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University Cambridge Campus
East Road
Cambridge

CB1 1PT
Get further information on travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html 

Further details on the second speaker will be added once available

Many thanks

Adrian 

OWASP UK Cambridge Chapter Leader
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20141119/b7370a2d/attachment.html>

