From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Fri Nov 20 16:53:14 2015
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2015 16:53:14 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] OWASP AppSec Europe 2016 Conference - Rome - 27th
	June - 1st July - Call for Papers
Message-ID: <79877CFC-C559-464F-9B3F-2D67A9FB3FDE@owasp.org>

OWASP AppSec Europe 2016 Conference - Rome - 27th June - 1st July - Call for Papers 

Call for Papers

The OWASP AppSec conference in Europe is an established and premier venue for web applications leaders, software engineers, researchers and visionaries from all over the world. OWASP AppSec Europe gathers the application security community in a 4-days event to share and discuss novel ideas, initiatives and advancements. The 2016 edition will take place in Rome from June 28th to July 1st.

For our event, we are looking for ?the next?, cutting edge research in the context of web applications, secure development, security management and privacy. Our goal is to give both academic researchers and industry practitioners the possibility to share their latest findings with the rest of the community, including coverage via our media channels. It won?t be a knockout criteria if your talk has been presented before but we would appreciate if you would let us know.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the following:

Novel web vulnerabilities and countermeasures
New technologies, paradigms, tools
OWASP tools or projects in practice
Secure development: frameworks, best practices, secure coding, methods, processes, SDLC
Browser security
Mobile security and security for the mobile web
Cloud security
REST/SOAP security
Security of frameworks
Large-scale security assessments of web applications and services
Privacy risks in the web and the cloud
Management topics in Application Security: Business Risks, Awareness Programs, Project Management, Managing SDLC
 
Submission

To submit a proposal use EasyChair. https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=appseceu2016

The program committee will review your submission based on a descriptive abstract of your intended presentation. Feel free to attach a preliminary version of your presentation if available, or any other supporting materials. Keep in mind: the better your description is, the better our review will be. Please review your proposal thoroughly as accepted abstract and bio submitted will be published 1:1 on our site. If your presentation is accepted for inclusion in the conference program, you are free to submit a white paper describing your work, which will be added to the website.

Important dates

Submission deadline: January 15th, 2016
Notification of acceptance: February 29th, 2016
Conference date: June 30th ? July 1st .2016

Your submissions will be reviewed by the following committee (in alphabetical order):

Marco Balduzzi (Trend Micro Research) ? PC Co-Chair
Davide Balzarotti (Eurecom)
Simon Bennetts (Mozilla)
Michael Coates (OWASP Global Board Member)
Luca Carrettoni (LinkedIn)
Lieven Desmet (KU Leuven)
Antonio Fontes (L7 S?curit?)
Boris Hemkemeier (OWASP Germany)
Martin Johns (SAP Research)
Martin Knobloch (PervaSec)
Alex Kouzemtchenko (White Ops)
Sebastian Lekies (Google)
Benjamin Livshits (Microsoft Research)
Federico Maggi (Politecnico di Milano)
Jim Manico (OWASP Global Board Member)
Matteo Meucci (Minded Security)
Nick Nikiforakis (Stony Brook University)
Erlend Oftedal (F-Secure Corporation)
Stefano Di Paola (Minded Security)
Konstantinos Papapanagiotou (Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation)
David Ross (Google)
Dirk Wetter (OWASP Germany) ? PC Co-Chair
Bart De Win (PwC) ? PC Co-Chair

Terms

By your submission you agree to the OWASP Speaker Agreement. OWASP values vendor neutrality. You need to use the OWASP presentation template and you?re not allowed to place marketing pitches in your slides. All presentation slides will be published on the conference website after the conference. Please make sure that any pictures and other materials in your slides don?t violate any copyrights. You are solely liable for copyright violations. You may choose any CC license for your slides, including CC0. OWASP does suggest open licenses.

Participants and speakers are all warmly invited to attend the conference dinner on Thursday.

Unfortunately we can?t cover travel expenses or costs for accommodations.



Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20151120/e868f162/attachment.html>

