From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Sat Dec 10 11:07:25 2016
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Sat, 10 Dec 2016 11:07:25 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Fwd=3A_OWASP_Cambridge_Chapter_?=
 =?utf-8?q?=E2=80=9CMalevolent_Devices=2C_Documents_=26_Development?=
 =?utf-8?q?=E2=80=9D_Security_Seminar_-_Tuesday_13th_December__2016_17=3A3?=
 =?utf-8?b?MCDigJMgMjA6MzA=?=
References: <21D21342-2A6D-4D54-8EA7-3CEEBFD62A0C@anglia.ac.uk>
Message-ID: <75C36C4E-7531-4B7D-81F7-BE8EE6068524@owasp.org>


Reminder about this weeks chapter event

Thanks

Adrian

OWASP Cambridge Chapter ?Malevolent Devices, Documents & Development? Security Seminar

Tuesday 13th December  2016 17:30 ? 20:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB002), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin University, & OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge Chapter

Refreshments kindly sponsored by Sonatype.

Title: ?Malevolent Devices, Documents & Development"

Guest speaker: Ken Munro, Partner, Pen Test Partners

Abstract: ?The Thermostat, the Hacker, and the Malware"

Following the PoC thermostat ransomware that Pen Test Partners performed at DefCon 24, this presentation digs even deeper into IoT devices and their apps. Staying with the thermostat Ken will walk through the ransomware attack and then move onto general malware - which has no easy method for detection. Even when firewalled these devices are still vulnerable to local attacks so we?ll show you how you can achieve a compromise.

Biography: Ken Munro

Ken is a regular speaker at events such as the ISSA Dragon?s Den, (ISC)2 Chapter events and CREST (Council of Registered Ethical Security Testers), where he sits on the board. He?s also an Executive Member of the ?Internet of Things Security Forum?, a body that aims to promote best security practice and the application of controls in smart device manufacturing, and spoke out on IoT security design flaws at the forum?s inaugural event. He?s also not averse to getting deeply techie, regularly participating in hacking challenges and demos at Black Hat, 44CON, DefCon and Bsides.

Ken has a wealth of experience in penetration testing but it?s the systems and objects we come into contact with on an everyday basis that really pique his interest. This has seen him hack everything from keyless cars and a range of Internet of Things (IoT) devices, from wearable tech to children?s toys and smart home control systems. This has gained him notoriety among the national press, leading to regular appearances on BBC TV and BBC News online as well as the broadsheet press. He?s also a familiar contributor to industry magazines, penning articles for the legal, security, insurance, oil and gas, and manufacturing press.

Guest Speaker: Chris Dye VP Marketing & Communications, Glasswall

Abstract: Prevention is better than cure ? don?t assume opening a business document is risk free!

The security industry?s attempt to defend organisations by classifying known bad e.g. signatures or heuristics, is not succeeding, and the industry has turned its focus from prevention to post infection detection and breach mitigation.

Today?s advanced, targeted cyber-attacks use weaponized files as an attack vector with a huge success rate. File-based threats involve hiding malware or malicious code within a common file-types, such as Word, Excel or PDF files. Conventional security controls such as firewalls, AV, and more advanced dynamic network sandboxes are ineffective in dealing with these types of threats as they only identify known threats or are unsuccessful in identifying exploits in the files. Chris will share how files are being manipulated and show the trends in attacks and techniques that can be deployed to eliminate document based attacks.

Biography: Chris Dye 

Having originally trained in electrical engineering and power generation Chris moved initially into IT recruitment and now has over 30 years? experience of working in IT software and services companies. His career has spanned almost every operational, sales and marketing disciplines including investor relations, company operations, product analysis and design, recruitment, sales and marketing. He is also an experienced training consultant delivering talent development, sales and relationship management programs to commercial and technology companies. An entrepreneur at heart Chris has been involved in Glasswall since the beginning and is now heading up the marketing of its unique and disruptive technology.

Guest Speaker: Ilkka Turunen -Solutions Architect at Sonatype

Abstract: DevSecOps - Security at Devops speed

Software development is pressed for faster and faster release cycles with acceptable quality, budget and security. As movements like CI, CD and Devops aim to cut down on release cycles, it's security's job to help control the risk. The risk landscape is complex as modern development practices increasingly consume more and more third party code. Traditional methods do not cut it anymore - it's time for DevSecOps.

This session gives an overview of how companies have implemented DevSecOps practices in their own delivery pipelines and how this can help increase developer awareness of risks affecting them. We'll walk an example CICD Pipeline and explore how security has been embedded as a part of it, how the movement is shaping up and how standards are starting to follow suite.

Biography: lkka Turunen, Sonatype

Ilkka Turunen is a Solutions Architect working at Sonatype in Europe and Asia. His background is in software and systems engineering, acting as an architect for several commercial projects. He's helped define everything from the software design to web-scale infrastructure architectures and regularly works with companies across the world to understand and improve their software supply chain and continuous delivery pipelines.

Background

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit worldwide charitable organisation focused on improving the security of application software. Their mission is to make application security visible, so that people and organisations can make informed decisions about true application security risks.

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing pathway. Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key part of this enhancement. A key aim the department is working towards is developing a MSc Information Security specialising in Application Security and as part of this activity looking to develop and a local Information Security Student Society.

Agenda

17:30 ? 17:45 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian Winckles, Course Leader in Information Security & Forensic Computing, Anglia Ruskin University

17:45 - 18:30 Talk from Ken Munro ? Pen Test Partners ?The Thermostat, the Hacker, and the Malware"

18:30 - 19:15 Talk from Chris Dye, Glasswall ?Prevention is better than cure ? don?t assume opening a business document is risk free!?

19:15 ? 20:00 Talk from Ilkka Turunen ? Sonatype ?DevSecOps - Security at Devops speed?

20:00 ? 20:30 Refreshments (buffet) & Networking in LAB006 ? Kindly Sponsored by Sonatype

Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/owasp-cambridge-chapter-malevolent-devices-documents-development-security-seminar-tickets-29668008813

The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB002 (Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge Campus
East Road
Cambridge CB1 1PT

Get further information on travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html

Thanks

Adrian 

Adrian Winckles MSc BEng CEng CITP MBCS
Course Leader  in Information Security and Forensic Computing
(OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader
(UK Cyber Security Forum - Cambridge Cluster Chair)
(BCS Cybercrime Forensics Vice Chair)
Anglia Ruskin University
East Road
Cambridge

Tel No: 0845 196 2440/01223 698440

Email: Adrian.Winckles at Anglia.ac.uk or Adrian.Winckles at owasp.org

Twitter:  @botflowking


From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Thu Dec 15 13:54:22 2016
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Thu, 15 Dec 2016 13:54:22 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] OWASP AppSec Europe 2017 Belfast 8th-12th May -
	Call for Papers
Message-ID: <02B33B48-9DC3-4A52-A9E3-AD729E859854@owasp.org>

OWASP AppSec Europe 2017 Belfast - 8th-12th of May
Join us for the annual conference in Europe

Call for Papers

The OWASP AppSec conference in Europe is an established and premier venue for web applications leaders, software engineers, researchers and visionaries from all over the world. OWASP AppSec Europe gathers the application security community in a 5-days event to share and discuss novel ideas, initiatives and advancements. The 2017 conference will take place in Belfast from May 8th to 12th 2017, with papers/talks presented on 11th and 12th May.

Topics
For our event, we are looking for ?the next?, cutting edge research in the context of web applications, secure development, security management and privacy. Our goal is to give both academic researchers and industry practitioners the possibility to share their latest findings with the rest of the community, including coverage via our media channels. It won?t be a knockout criteria if your talk has been presented before but we would appreciate if you would let us know.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the following:

Novel web vulnerabilities and countermeasures
New technologies, paradigms, tools
OWASP tools or projects in practice
Secure development: frameworks, best practices, secure coding, methods, processes, SDLC
Browser security
Mobile security and security for the mobile web
Cloud security
REST/SOAP security
Security of frameworks
Large-scale security assessments of web applications and services
Privacy risks in the web and the cloud
Management topics in Application Security: Business Risks, Awareness Programs, Project Management, Managing SDLC
To ensure the best talks available are presented at AppSec Europe we are incorporating blind reading as part of our process. This means that names and job titles will be removed when the paper abstract is being reviewed. All speakers will be given access to speaker mentorship, we especially encourage first time speakers to take advantage of this service.

Submission
To submit a proposal use https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=appseceu2017

The program committee will review your submission based on a descriptive abstract of your intended presentation. Feel free to attach a preliminary version of your presentation if available, or any other supporting materials. Keep in mind: the better your description is, the better our review will be. Please review your proposal thoroughly as accepted abstract and bio submitted will be published 1:1 on our site. If your presentation is accepted for inclusion in the conference program, you are free to submit a white paper describing your work, which will be added to the website.

Important dates
Submission deadline: January 9th, 2017
Notification of acceptance: February 6th, 2017
Conference days: May 11th ? 12th 2017
Program committee
Your submission is subject to approval by a team of the program committee, chaired by Martin Knobloch.

Terms
By your submission you agree to the OWASP Speaker Agreement: https://2017.appsec.eu/assets/docs/speaker_agreement.pdf

OWASP values vendor neutrality. You need to use the OWASP presentation template and you?re not allowed to place marketing pitches in your slides. All presentation slides will be published on the conference website after the conference. Please make sure that any pictures and other materials in your slides don?t violate any copyrights. You are solely liable for copyright violations. You may choose any CC license for your slides, including CC0. OWASP does suggest open licenses.

Participants and speakers are all warmly invited to attend the conference dinner on Thursday.

Unfortunately we can?t cover travel expenses or costs for accommodations.


Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20161215/055f52b6/attachment.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Thu Dec 22 10:12:47 2016
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Thu, 22 Dec 2016 10:12:47 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Joint_OWASP_=26_BCS_Cybercrime_Forens?=
	=?utf-8?q?ics_SIG_=E2=80=9CIncident_Response_Day=E2=80=9D_2017_-_P?=
	=?utf-8?q?rovisional_Agenda?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_TpuiHQ1GBV7JyCV7uJ_LygxqXDWUcuc1+o619bmAxnkMA@mail.gmail.com>

Dear All

Sorry for the delay but please find details below for OWASP Cambridge's
first joint   first "themed" day event of the year

?Incident Response" Day @ Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge on Thursday
19th January 2017 9:30 - 5 pm

This is the first provisional agenda which will be updated further when we
have the speaker bios and abstracts

Look forward to seeing you there

Have a great Christmas

Adrian

Adrian Winckles MSc BEng CEng CITP MBCS
Course Leader  in Information Security and Forensic Computing
(OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader
(UK Cyber Security Forum - Cambridge Cluster Chair)
(BCS Cybercrime Forensics Vice Chair)
Anglia Ruskin University
East Road
Cambridge

Tel No: 0845 196 2440/01223 698440

Email: Adrian.Winckles at Anglia.ac.uk or Adrian.Winckles at owasp.org

Twitter:  @botflowking

-------------

Joint OWASP & BCS Cybercrime Forensics SIG ?Incident Response Day? 2017

Thursday 19th January 2017 9:30? 17:00, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB026),
Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin
University, British Computer Society (BCS) Cybercrime Forensics Special
Internet Group and OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge
Chapter

It looks increasingly likely that 2016 is going to be ?Year of the Data
Breach? with more and more organisation?s than ever before becoming part of
the self-fulfilling prophecy, ?there are two types of organization, those
who know they?ve been breached and those who don?t??.

So what happens if despite your best efforts your defenses are ineffective
and you suffer a data breach.  Your organization needs to know how to
handle the breach either internally and externally, who to inform and who
to call.

What is needed is ?*incident response*?, an organized approach to
addressing and managing the aftermath of a security breach or attack (also
known as an *incident*). The goal is to handle the situation in a way that
limits damage and reduces recovery time and costs.

*Background *

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit
worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of
application software. Their mission is to make application security
visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about
true application security risks.

The British Computer Society (BCS) Cybercrime Forensics Special Interest
Group (SIG) promotes Cybercrime Forensics and the use of Cybercrime
Forensics; of relevance to computing professionals, lawyers, law
enforcement officers, academics and those interested in the use of
Cybercrime Forensics and the need to address cybercrime for the benefit of
those groups and of the wider public.

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is
enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following
its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing
pathway. Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP
concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key
part of this enhancement.

*Speaker Biographies*

*Peter Yapp -  Deputy Director Incident Management for the National Cyber
Security Centre (NCSC).*

Before joining the NCSC, Peter was Deputy Director Operations for CERT-UK.
Prior to CERT-UK, Peter was the Information Security Advisor for Brecon
Group and before that the Managing Director for Accenture?s global Computer
Incident Response Team (CIRT) running a team of 50 based at five locations
around the world. While there, he set up a cyber threat intelligence team
and inputted into technical, policy and training initiatives. He also
contributed to the maintenance of the largest ISO27001 certification in the
world.

Prior to Accenture, Peter was head of Forensics and information security
consulting at Control Risks in London. Peter devised and delivered
information security awareness training courses for Oil and Gas clients
around the world, specialised briefings on the threat of state sponsored
espionage and a computer forensics training course for CISSPs. Peter
reviewed and revised information security policy documents. He carried out
IS Security (and ISO27001) reviews and gap analyses (and risk assessments)
for the finance and manufacturing sectors. Peter carried out numerous
computer investigations into fraud, abuse and misuse.

Before joining Control Risks in 1998, Peter was a Senior Investigation
officer in the National Investigation Service of H.M. Customs & Excise.
During this time he represented H.M. Customs & Excise at national and
international conferences and seminars, speaking at Interpol on computer
crime. He was a member of the British Home Office delegation to the G8 sub
group on High Tech crime. Peter trained overseas agencies around the world.

*Steve Shepperd MBE ? Senior Forensic Consultant ? 7Safe/PA Consulting*

Steve leads the 7Safe Cyber Security Incident Response offering.  Steve has
extensive experience in conducting and directing forensic and hi-tech
investigations having been involved in the discipline since the late the
1990?s. Steve has worked within the Civil Service, law enforcement and
private industry, latterly employed as a cyber security specialist for a
government intelligence agency prior to joining PA Consulting. Steve has
been involved as a team member and team leader in myriad digital
investigations ranging from civil to criminal and national security level
incidents. Steve is also the lead developer and course manager for the
Certified Malware Investigator course, the Certified Data Acquisition
Technician course and is the author of our new Cyber Network Investigations
course.

*Tony Drewitt, Head of Consultancy ? IT Governance*

Tony leads IT Governance?s consultancy team. He works with clients to help
them implement and comply with international standards such as ISO 27001
and ISO 22301 as well as other compliance frameworks such as the NHS
Information Governance Toolkit and the UK Gambling Commission?s technical
security standard.

He has helped one of the first companies in the UK to achieve full
certification under BS25999-2 (now ISO22301) and is currently delivering a
number of ISO27001 ISMS projects for companies in the UK and overseas. He
is also a leading business continuity author of ITGP titles A Manager?s
Guide to ISO22301; ISO 22301: A Pocket Guide, and Everything You want to
Know about Business Continuity.

Tony is a full member of BCI and is a certified Lead Implementer and Lead
Auditor for ISO 27001 and ISO 22301. He also holds CRISC, CISMP and ITIL
Foundation certificates.

*Presentation Abstracts*

*?Malware Red Alert: the first 24 hours?  - Steve Shepherd MBE, 7Safe/PA
Consulting *

It?s Friday at 19:30. You are the acting manager of your organisation?s
Security Operations Centre. You are working the graveyard shift with a
colleague when ?

Your SIEM alerts you to what may be the presence of a Trojan in your
system. But before you have a chance to respond, you receive an email from
a hacker making demands.

The threat is that highly-confidential information has been stolen from
your financial database. If the hacker does not receive ?2 million by
midnight on Sunday, they will put this data on the web just before your
firm?s annual financial report, due for release on Monday, is published.
Their motive: to cause panic among investors by undermining the credibility
of your growth and profit forecasts with data that the hacker claims they
have found in emails and report documents.

What do you do next to thwart the attack, contain the incident and prevent,
or at least minimise, damage to your brand name and reputation in the
markets?



Security incidents, both potential and actual, occur on a frequent basis.
It is therefore important to accurately categorize incidents and prioritise
the most severe. Evaluation is based on the impact that the data breach may
have on business operations, the potential reputational risk and the time
and cost of resources engaged in recovery.

Of critical importance is the effective gathering of key information about
the attack in real time. Focusing on quick fixes should be avoided. It is
important to clearly document all information collected/actions performed
for subsequent analysis in a post incident review/lessons learned session.
A clear plan must be established, including timeframes and ownership, to
implement any required changes that will mitigate future risk.

Steve Shepherd MBE describes for the business audience a series of real
life scenarios that will serve as a warning to Board members and SOC
managers alike, as he shares his thoughts on how to apply the CREST
Three-Phase CSIR model and invites the audience to role play with him in
responding to this incident.

If you think that you understand incident response procedures from a
?people, process and technology? standpoint, be prepared to challenge what
you deem to be fact during Steve?s practical talk and demonstration. The
emphasis will be on knowledge transfer - and why software tools are never
the whole answer.

*?Cyber resilience and Incident Response? **Tony Drewitt, Head of
Consultancy, IT Governance*

Tony will introduce today?s cyber threat environment and what it means in
terms of security incidents.  Cyber assurance techniques will be examined
from 4 different perspectives, the conventional theme?s:-

?      People,

?      Processes and

?      Technology

but also examining Digital versus Physical security dimensions.

The talk will conclude with a discussion on cyber resilience versus
incident response and if incident response is a necessity, what structure
should it take.



*Provisional Agenda *

09:30 ? 10:00 Registration & Refreshments (LAB026)

10:00 ? 10:15 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian
Winckles, Course Leader in Information Security & Forensic Computing,
Anglia Ruskin University

10:45 ? 11:30 ?National Cyber Security Centre?s Incident Response Strategy?
? Peter Yapp ? Deputy Director ? Incident Management ? National Cyber
Security Centre (NCSC)

11:30 ? 12:15 ?Malware Red Alert: the first 24 hours? - Steve Shepherd MBE,
7Safe/PA Consulting

12:15 ? 13:00 ?Cyber resilience and Incident Response? Tony Drewitt, Head
of Consultancy, IT Governance

13:00 ? 13:45 Lunch & Networking (LAB006)

13:45 ? 14:30 Chris Dye, Glasswall TBD

14:30 ? 15:15 Dr Jules Disso ? Nettitude TBD

15:15 ? 15:45 Refreshments (LAB006)

15:45 ? 16:15 Benn Morris - 3B Data Security LLP TBD

16:15 ? 16:45 Canterbury Christchurch University Speaker TBD

16:45 - 17: 00 Session Wrap Up & Close



Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/joint-owasp-bcs-cybercrime-forensics-sig-incident-response-day-2017-tickets-30549478312

 The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB026
(Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University

Cambridge Campus

East Road

Cambridge

CB1 1PT



Please note that there is no parking on campus. Get further information on
travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca
mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html
<http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca%20mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20161222/023ce07e/attachment-0001.html>

From adrian.winckles at icloud.com  Thu Dec 15 13:57:03 2016
From: adrian.winckles at icloud.com (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Thu, 15 Dec 2016 13:57:03 -0000
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] OWASP AppSec Europe 2017 Belfast 8th-12th May -
	Call for Papers
Message-ID: <25339EF5-A731-4886-9164-1B2B7070F926@icloud.com>

OWASP AppSec Europe 2017 Belfast - 8th-12th of May
Join us for the annual conference in Europe

Call for Papers

The OWASP AppSec conference in Europe is an established and premier venue for web applications leaders, software engineers, researchers and visionaries from all over the world. OWASP AppSec Europe gathers the application security community in a 5-days event to share and discuss novel ideas, initiatives and advancements. The 2017 conference will take place in Belfast from May 8th to 12th 2017, with papers/talks presented on 11th and 12th May.

Topics
For our event, we are looking for ?the next?, cutting edge research in the context of web applications, secure development, security management and privacy. Our goal is to give both academic researchers and industry practitioners the possibility to share their latest findings with the rest of the community, including coverage via our media channels. It won?t be a knockout criteria if your talk has been presented before but we would appreciate if you would let us know.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the following:

Novel web vulnerabilities and countermeasures
New technologies, paradigms, tools
OWASP tools or projects in practice
Secure development: frameworks, best practices, secure coding, methods, processes, SDLC
Browser security
Mobile security and security for the mobile web
Cloud security
REST/SOAP security
Security of frameworks
Large-scale security assessments of web applications and services
Privacy risks in the web and the cloud
Management topics in Application Security: Business Risks, Awareness Programs, Project Management, Managing SDLC
To ensure the best talks available are presented at AppSec Europe we are incorporating blind reading as part of our process. This means that names and job titles will be removed when the paper abstract is being reviewed. All speakers will be given access to speaker mentorship, we especially encourage first time speakers to take advantage of this service.

Submission
To submit a proposal use https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=appseceu2017

The program committee will review your submission based on a descriptive abstract of your intended presentation. Feel free to attach a preliminary version of your presentation if available, or any other supporting materials. Keep in mind: the better your description is, the better our review will be. Please review your proposal thoroughly as accepted abstract and bio submitted will be published 1:1 on our site. If your presentation is accepted for inclusion in the conference program, you are free to submit a white paper describing your work, which will be added to the website.

Important dates
Submission deadline: January 9th, 2017
Notification of acceptance: February 6th, 2017
Conference days: May 11th ? 12th 2017
Program committee
Your submission is subject to approval by a team of the program committee, chaired by Martin Knobloch.

Terms
By your submission you agree to the OWASP Speaker Agreement: https://2017.appsec.eu/assets/docs/speaker_agreement.pdf

OWASP values vendor neutrality. You need to use the OWASP presentation template and you?re not allowed to place marketing pitches in your slides. All presentation slides will be published on the conference website after the conference. Please make sure that any pictures and other materials in your slides don?t violate any copyrights. You are solely liable for copyright violations. You may choose any CC license for your slides, including CC0. OWASP does suggest open licenses.

Participants and speakers are all warmly invited to attend the conference dinner on Thursday.

Unfortunately we can?t cover travel expenses or costs for accommodations.


Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20161215/ee128253/attachment-0001.html>

