From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Sun Apr  3 08:34:58 2016
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Sun, 3 Apr 2016 09:34:58 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] OWASP Cambridge Chapter Security Seminar -Tuesday
	12th April
Message-ID: <52002FC6-DDA7-4761-AAEF-0F202113A7DE@owasp.org>

OWASP Cambridge Chapter Security Seminar

Tuesday 12th April 2016 17:30 ? 19:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB002), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin University, and OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge Chapter

Guest speakers: Fraser Kyne, Bromium

Title: Replacing the signature, Micro virtualisation as a tool for end point
protection

Abstract:

The software on modern PCs and mobile devices has become too large and complex to secure via conventional means, making it an easy target for malware.
!This session will look at the uncomfortable truths behind why the bad guys are winning, and propose what we can realistically do about it by taking advantage of hardware-assisted virtualisation.

What attendees will learn:

? Current malware trends and likely risk areas in the coming months ? The problem with Defence in Depth and blacklisting/whitelisting
? A new architectural approach to solving the malware problem

Biography:

Fraser Kyne leads Systems Engineering for Bromium in EMEA, and is a member of the Office of the CTO. He previously acted as Director of Products ? reporting to the CEO and co-founder Dr. Ian Pratt. Fraser?s role has encompassed a wide range of both engineering and customer-facing activity. Prior to joining Bromium Fraser was a Technical Specialist and Business Development Manager at Citrix Systems. He has been a speaker at various industry events on topics such as virtualisation, security, desktop transformation and cloud computing.

Background

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of application software. Their mission is to make application security visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about true application security risks.

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing pathway.
Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key part of this enhancement. A key aim the department is working towards is developing a MSc Information Security specialising in Application Security and as part of this activity looking to develop and a local Information Security Student Society.

Agenda

17:30 ? 17:45 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian Winckles, Course Leader in Information Security & Forensic Computing, Anglia Ruskin University

17:45 ? 19:00: Fraser Kyne, Bromium ?Replacing the signature, Micro virtualisation as a tool for end point protection?

19:00? 19:30 Refreshments & Networking (coffee, tea, juice) in LAB006

Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/owasp-cambridge-chapter-security-seminar- spring-2016-replacing-the-signature-micro-virtualisation-tickets-24374535893

The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB002 (Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge Campus
 East Road

Cambridge CB1 1P

Get further information on travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html


-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20160403/a9daa38b/attachment.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Mon Apr 25 23:05:58 2016
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Tue, 26 Apr 2016 00:05:58 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Joint_ISC=282=29=2C_IISP_=26_OWASP_Ca?=
 =?utf-8?q?mbridge_Chapter_=E2=80=9CCyber_Resilience=E2=80=9D_Security_Sem?=
 =?utf-8?q?inar_Thursday_12th_May_2016?=
Message-ID: <0C310C48-BB23-4C80-ADA7-26C886B73710@owasp.org>

Joint ISC(2), IISP & OWASP Cambridge Chapter ?Cyber Resilience? Security Seminar


Thursday 12th May 2016 17:30 ? 21:00, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB003), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Department of Computing & Technology, Anglia Ruskin University, OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) Cambridge Chapter, ISC(2) East of England Chapter and Institute of Information Security Professionals - Eastern Region 

Title: Cyber Resilience - Surviving CyberTerror, CyberCrime and CyberActivism

Cyber Resilience: Identifying and responding to security breaches will become a critical survival trait in the future. CyberTerror, CyberCrime and CyberActivism means security professionals need to be aware of the changing landscape of cyber security. Creating a culture of cyber security awareness will assist security professionals in defending against such threats.

Guest speakers/Biography:

Phil Cobley seconded to the Regional Cyber Crime Unit responsible for the East of England.  With 10 years? experience working in numerous roles, Phil has been involved in many major investigations and operations.  Previously Phil managed Bedfordshire?s Digital Forensics Unit, and has both experience in forensics examinations, as well as experience in implementing strategic developments and projects.  Phil both sits on and chairs a number of working groups, and is now developing partnerships with business and academia to further improve both local and regional responses to Cyber threats, and help better protect victims.

Jules Pagna Disso - Head of Research and Development Dr. Pagna Disso has over 15 years? experience working in cyber security. Previously the head of EADS Innovation Works? cyber security research lab in the UK, he was the technical lead for all cyber security related projects. Dr. Pagna Disso provides ongoing consultancy services for various organisations on critical infrastructure security and also advises SMEs on security strategies. He holds a PhD in Intrusion Detection Systems as well as a number of cyber security related qualifications. His research interests include cyber security for Industrial Control Systems, honeypots, botnets, malware analysis, cloud security, cyber forensics, threat analysis, and vulnerability identification. In addition to developing and executing research projects into a wide range of areas relating to cyber security, including Industrial Control Systems, Dr. Pagna Disso is also responsible for supervising MSc and PhD students from a number of Academic Centers of Excellence for Cyber Security within the UK. Dr Jules Pagna Disso is responsible for developing, building, and running the day-to-day R&D operations at Nettitude. He also architects and engineers a comprehensive set of technologies and processes to provide superior situational awareness for clients.

Raman G is the head of Private Sector Advice Delivery at the Centre for Protection of National Infrastructure.   The Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure (CPNI) protects national security by providing protective security advice. Protective security is 'putting in place, or building into design, security measures or protocols such that threats may be deterred, detected, or the consequences of an attack minimised'.

Background

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of application software. Their mission is to make application security visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about true application security risks.

The Institute of Information Security Professionals (IISP) is a not-for-profit organisation, owned by its members and dedicated to raising the standard of professionalism in information security and the industry as a whole. The IISP does this through accrediting skills and competence, by sharing best practice and by providing a network of support and guidance on individual skill development. It speaks with an authoritative voice and its competency based memberships are widely recognised in the information security industry. 

(ISC)?? is the largest not-for-profit membership body of certified information security professionals worldwide, with over 93,000 members in more than 135 countries. The (ISC)2 East of England Chapter is committed to the growth and advancement of Information Security Professionals within the region, development of the information security Industry and promotion of Information Security Standards across industry. We will do this by holding events, collaborating with the companies, professionals and academia within the region to strengthen networks and provide members with opportunities to grow professionally, share knowledge and experience, educate others, support new entrants to the industry and collaborate on projects focused on Information Security Enhancement

The Department of Computing & Technology at Anglia Ruskin University is enhancing its curricula and capabilities in information security following its successful BSc(Hons) Information Security and Forensic Computing pathway. Establishing a joint professional networking group with OWASP concentrating on aspects of computing and application security is a key part of this enhancement. A key aim the department is working towards is developing a MSc Information Security specialising in Application Security and as part of this activity looking to develop and a local Information Security Student Society.

Agenda

17:30 ? 17:45 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian Winckles, Course Leader in Information Security & Forensic Computing, Anglia Ruskin University

17:45 - 18:35 Talk from Raman G head of Private Sector Advice Delivery for Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure CPNI.

18:35 - 19:25 Talk from Dr. Pagna Disso, Head of Research & Development at Nettitude on SCADA (Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition) industrial security.

19:25 - 20:15 Talk from Phil Cobley of the Regional Cyber Crime Unit (Part of ERSOU) on local and regional responses to Cyber threats.

20:15 - 20:30 Open Forum Q & A to the Presenters

20:30 ? 21:00 Refreshments & Networking (coffee, tea, juice) in LAB107

Registration

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/joint-isc2-iisp-owasp-cambridge-chapter-cyber-resilience-security-seminar-tickets-24940465604

The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB003 (Breakout Room LAB107 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge Campus
East Road
Cambridge CB1 1PT

Get further information on travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/cambridge_campus/find_cambridge.html



Adrian Winckles MSc BEng CEng CITP MBCS
Course Leader  in Information Security and Forensic Computing
(OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader
(UK Cyber Security Forum - Cambridge Cluster Chair)
(BCS Cybercrime Forensics Vice Chair)
Anglia Ruskin University
East Road
Cambridge
 
Tel No: 0845 196 2440/01223 698440
 
Email: Adrian.Winckles at Anglia.ac.uk or Adrian.Winckles at owasp.org

Twitter:  @botflowking





-- 
http://www.anglia.ac.uk/email-disclaimer


Sent from my iPad
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20160426/d1c7bb01/attachment.html>

