From szili.david at hotmail.com  Thu Oct  9 08:24:22 2014
From: szili.david at hotmail.com (=?iso-8859-2?B?U3ppbGkgROF2aWQ=?=)
Date: Thu, 09 Oct 2014 08:24:22 -0000
Subject: [Owasp-luxemburg] SANS SEC575 Mobile Device Security and Ethical
	Hacking in Luxembourg
Message-ID: <DUB124-W38315539E312EEA72BAF51FAA00@phx.gbl>

Hello,

My name is David Szili, I work as a security analyst in 
Luxembourg and I thought it might be interesting for some of you that I 
will be mentoring SANS SEC575: Mobile Device Security and Ethical 
Hacking in Luxembourg, starting from the 15th of January, 18:00-20:00 
(Thursday evenings, for 10 weeks) in 2015.

On SANS SEC575, we 
will learn about mobile device infrastructures, policies and mobile device management,
 we will see the security models and architecture of the different platforms, like the
 data storage, device encryption, memory protection, sandboxing, file systems, etc. We will also see how to 
unlock, root and jailbreak mobile devices in order to prepare them for 
data extraction and further testing. In the second half of the course, 
we will learn how to perform static and dynamic mobile application 
analysis, the usage of automated application analysis tools and how to 
manipulate application behavior. Last but not least, we will see how to 
perform mobile penetration testing that includes fingerprinting mobile 
devices, wireless network probing and scanning, attacking wireless 
infrastructures using network manipulation attacks, attacks against 
mobile applications and back-end applications.

This course is 
meant for network and system administrators supporting mobile 
phones and tablets, security personnel whose job involves assessing, 
deploying or securing mobile phones, tablets and mobile applications, 
penetration testers, security enthusiasts, mobile application developers and basically anyone who is interested 
in mobile security.

SANS mentor classes are special, 10 
week-format SANS classroom sessions that give the students time to 
absorb and master the same material with the guidance of a trained 
security professional, however, for a lower price than a SANS conference
 training.
 
Students receive the same course materials used at SANS conferences and study at a more leisurely pace, so students will have:
- Hardcopy set of SANS course books
- Mentor Program study materials
- Weekly Mentor led sessions
 
Prior
 to the weekly Mentor-led classroom sessions, students study SANS course
 material at their own pace. Each week, students meet with other 
professionals in their hometown area and the SANS mentor, who leads 
topical discussions pointing out the most salient features of the weekly
 material studied, provides hands-on demonstrations, and answer 
questions. The Mentor's goal is to help student's grasp the more 
difficult material, master the exercises, demonstrate the tools and 
prepare for GIAC certification.

Discounted price is available for this course for member of a security organization such as OWASP, ISACA, etc. and for members of an educational institution. http://www.sans.org/mentor/specials 

For more information about the course, how to apply and for discounted price, please contact me via my email address: szili.david at hotmail.com

Further information on the class: http://www.sans.org/mentor/class/sec575-luxembourg-15jan2015-david-szili
Mentor bio: http://www.sans.org/mentor/bios#david-szili

Thank you for your attention. :)

Best regards,
David Szili

 		 	   		  
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-luxemburg/attachments/20141009/1f9d741c/attachment.html>

