From caughron at gmail.com  Wed Oct  6 22:52:34 2010
From: caughron at gmail.com (Mat Caughron)
Date: Wed, 6 Oct 2010 21:52:34 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-kansascity] OWASP-Kansas City: October meeting announcement
Message-ID: <AANLkTinpPONqvBxMVqyEunfZtkRfmBkZ4EeOhamjvh5f@mail.gmail.com>

We are pleased to announce:

Title:   Introduction to Web Application Firewalls

Location:  Kansas City Public Libary - Plaza Branch, small conference room

Date and Time:  October 21, 6:30PM

Presentation Abstract:

"Introduction to Web Application Firewalls" will give you an
introductory understanding of what security functionality and features
that web application firewalls (WAF) provide.  In addition, we will
review WAF architecture and deployment; differences between
traditional firewalls; negative/positive security models; operating
modes and much more.

Bio:

Dustin Anders (CISSP) is a Senior Security Engineer with Imperva.
Imperva specializes in protecting customer data through web
application, database and file security.  Mr. Anders has more than 14
years of Information Security experience.  He has architected and
deployed Information Security solutions for many Fortune 500
companies.  Prior to his position with Imperva, he has held senior
technical positions at McAfee, Anheuser-Busch, and State Farm.




Mat Caughron CSSLP
caughron at gmail.com
Kansas City Volunteer Chapter Leader

From caughron at gmail.com  Fri Oct  8 10:45:13 2010
From: caughron at gmail.com (Mat Caughron)
Date: Fri, 8 Oct 2010 09:45:13 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-kansascity] meeting reminder, October 21 6:30PM
Message-ID: <AANLkTimdy83Ar1G9A7yzMvUubBfBp7TbTv3NmrGGMiQw@mail.gmail.com>

Greetings Kansas City software and security professionals:

A few updated comments for the Thursday October 21 meeting where
Imperva will be providing a presentation for us.

For those unfamiliar with the Kansas City Plaza Library, it is
centrally located and easy to find.
The Google place page for the library is here:   http://tinyurl.com/24xevjb
>From the front doors, walk straight ahead past the reception desk and
turn right.
The Small Meeting Room is down your hall on the left.

The OWASP meeting here in Kansas City draws a unique mix of critical
decision makers and individual contributors to the application
security space.  For the first time, we'd like to invite both hiring
managers and qualified candidates to bring job openings and resumes to
our meeting.  There will be an opportunity to connect following the
meeting after the Q&A.

Finally, please RSVP to my email address below so we can get a rough
head count to make sure we have enough space.


Thanks,



Mat Caughron CSSLP
caughron at gmail.com

From caughron at gmail.com  Wed Oct 27 17:04:04 2010
From: caughron at gmail.com (Mat Caughron)
Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2010 16:04:04 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-kansascity] slides from October presentation now online
Message-ID: <AANLkTimG_tQgMCvGpWLAd=yXwX=eQeMoj7013kEPBbnq@mail.gmail.com>

Greetings:

Slides from the excellent presentation by Imperva's Dustin Anders to
the Kansas City chapter have been posted here:
    http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Kansas_City_October_2010_Meeting

This was a very well-rounded introduction to web application firewalls.

Special thanks to Chris Flowers for leading the meeting.

We are actively seeking speakers for December 2010 and February 2011
meetings.  Desirable topics include: cloud security, mobile
application topics, appsec, vulnerability scanning, and generally what
helps to advance the knowledge of Kansas City area members around the
topic of web-based attacks and defenses.

As is customary, details of the next meeting will be posted on the
OWASP wiki, and sent to this mailing list when available.



Mat Caughron CSSLP
KC-OWASP volunteer chapter leader

